
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106034                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106034436408                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               633136499316                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 316619                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   400221                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1912697                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67605120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55437.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17552464968                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22187082659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2480640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4112640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2469248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1795840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1798656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4109952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2464640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1810176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2493568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1810944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1398144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2515968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3646336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2522880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1809280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             41425664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13153536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13153536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        32130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        14030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        14052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        32109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        32099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        14142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        14148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        10923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        19656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        28487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        14135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                323638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          102762                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               102762                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23394664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     38785890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23287227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16936385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16962942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     38760540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23243770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     38748468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17071586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23516587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        48286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17078829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        43458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13185754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        43458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23727839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     34388224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        44665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23793025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        48286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17063136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               390681230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        48286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        43458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        43458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        44665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        48286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             736365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         124049662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              124049662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         124049662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23394664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     38785890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        42250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23287227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16936385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16962942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        49493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     38760540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        41043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23243770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     38748468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        48286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17071586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        43458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23516587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        48286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17078829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        43458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13185754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        43458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23727839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     34388224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        44665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23793025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        48286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17063136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              514730892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20673659                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16954810                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2027038                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8677922                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8096061                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91007                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197438721                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117446719                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20673659                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10218260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25850579                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5729791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6498300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12161321                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233459017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207608438     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2801036      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3243859      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1784960      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2067083      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1133170      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         767238      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1997721      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12055512      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233459017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081303                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461881                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195857922                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      8109395                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25644969                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3652494                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3354082                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18923                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143378647                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3652494                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196160990                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2923099                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4330853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25548989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       842586                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143291003                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       220525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       392532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199153707                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667177405                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667177405                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       28861975                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2258067                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13679407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7454459                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196773                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1649915                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143081975                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135304948                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       185995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17717180                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40868384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4385                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233459017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176428236     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22948326      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12327871      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8532099      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7449314      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3818371      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914610      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       593708      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446482      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233459017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35978     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124178     42.64%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131054     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113262159     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2114535      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12510228      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7401442      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135304948                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532112                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291210                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504546114                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160838267                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133073544                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135596158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342551                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2395724                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          841                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       153787                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8293                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3652494                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2427307                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148077                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143119940                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13679407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7454459                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105217                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1177863                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134730                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312593                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133320519                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11752758                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1984425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19152358                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18662577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7399600                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524308                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133075778                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133073544                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79103503                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207132452                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523336                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381898                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20433308                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2038644                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229806523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179690863     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23238491     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9737842      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5854750      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4050969      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2619142      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356602      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092639      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165225      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229806523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2165225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370761826                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         289894993                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3023681                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              20820208                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542792                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542792                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393268                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393268                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601427070                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184708285                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133820890                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19786984                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17855445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1037390                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7392981                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7071737                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1092455                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45627                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209703109                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            124476844                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19786984                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8164192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24614088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3263375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5050063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12037475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1042569                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    241567444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      216953356     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         877992      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1795213      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         754021      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        4091528      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3641217      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         703666      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1478038      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11272413      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    241567444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077816                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489528                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      208526304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6239907                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24523499                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        78055                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2199674                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1736294                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    145980874                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2798                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2199674                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      208738750                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       4507905                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1067457                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24404231                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       649420                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    145905301                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       276652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       235835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3630                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    171302385                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    687240441                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    687240441                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    151952768                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       19349617                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16921                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8535                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1642356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     34429484                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     17410953                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       842740                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        145619059                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16974                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       139999114                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73136                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11238741                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26998176                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241567444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191848339     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14868228      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12219769      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5285988      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6699836      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6490987      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3682696      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289879      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181722      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241567444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        353950     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2764600     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80021      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87824600     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223058      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8383      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33570015     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17373058     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    139999114                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550572                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3198571                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022847                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524837379                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156878316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138800004                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    143197685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       250859                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1330625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          578                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104514                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2199674                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       4141208                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       184781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145636110                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34429484                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17410953                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8538                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       125733                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           68                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       603410                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1217970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139015881                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33455550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       983233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           50827249                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18212783                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         17371699                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546706                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            138804470                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           138800004                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74965064                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       147724143                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.545857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507467                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112786276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    132542588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13107943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16898                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1060114                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239367770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191325176     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17519916      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8223434      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8129191      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2213479      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9461011      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       709951      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515342      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1270270      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239367770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112786276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    132542588                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             50405298                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            33098859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8436                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17502762                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       117862439                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1283834                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1270270                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          383747693                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         293500934                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4599795                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              12711781                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112786276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           132542588                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112786276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.254523                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.254523                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443553                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443553                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      687244574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     161181866                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     173811844                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16872                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19321426                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17242267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1534753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12818184                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12589820                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46196                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203987173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            109714356                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19321426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13749050                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24452831                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5041295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3098102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles           24                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           65                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12337964                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1506695                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    235036088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      210583257     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3724399      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1881902      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3679782      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1184439      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3406678      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         539033      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         876154      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9160444      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    235036088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075985                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431472                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      201503022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5628671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24404856                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19750                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3479788                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1835522                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18105                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    122757038                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        34247                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3479788                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      201780329                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3398175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1380492                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24148758                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       848540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    122582228                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        95515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       679972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    160676136                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    555569302                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    555569302                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    130330332                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30345784                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16462                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1836855                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     22061619                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3600441                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23476                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       821036                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        121943697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16519                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       114196553                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73845                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21979745                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44971802                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235036088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184935508     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15834280      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16712827      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9735374      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5008600      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254364      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491107      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34589      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29439      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235036088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191769     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78230     23.37%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64692     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89576271     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896779      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8142      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20145141     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3570220      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    114196553                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.449099                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334691                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463837730                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143940248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111309112                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    114531244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90623                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4474240                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          296                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3479788                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2299646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121960319                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22061619                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3600441                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40910                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2332                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          296                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1035524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592899                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1628423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112749980                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19860120                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1446573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 103                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23430177                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17139294                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3570057                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.443410                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            111334099                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           111309112                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        67339808                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       146787040                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437744                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88651105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     99828084                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22137211                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16417                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1525067                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231556300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194379107     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14613735      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9381990      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2953265      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4899619      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       955822      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606910      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555288      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210564      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231556300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     88651105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     99828084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21099151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            17587374                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15314837                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        87247122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1250080                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3210564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          350310706                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         247413123                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4526923                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19243137                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          88651105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            99828084                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     88651105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.868314                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.868314                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348637                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348637                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      524039900                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     145050439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     130334598                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20969010                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17158016                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2047217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8619150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8249558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2165873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93339                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201876939                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            117287815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20969010                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10415431                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24479541                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5595938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4797913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12350617                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2049250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    234676476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      210196935     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1144389      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1813484      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2453180      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2525453      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2133825      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1194904      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1774738      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11439568      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    234676476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082465                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461256                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      199823990                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6868300                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24435763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26710                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3521711                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3451117                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    143902709                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1964                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3521711                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      200374186                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1411046                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4200964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23919292                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1249275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    143850779                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       170228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       544790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    200736689                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    669224270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    669224270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    174020647                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26716028                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35717                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18609                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3739672                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13453895                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7297493                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85856                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1730985                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143673797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35841                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       136428560                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18683                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15890139                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38083669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1338                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234676476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176943103     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23744667     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12018569      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9077252      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7129112      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2879177      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1814935      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944232      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125429      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234676476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26366     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83011     36.70%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116825     51.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114738867     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039008      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17105      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12358894      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7274686      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    136428560                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507778481                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159600336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134384050                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    136654762                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278004                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2148818                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          561                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3521711                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1127193                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121861                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143709783                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13453895                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7297493                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18611                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103065                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          561                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1191485                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150329                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2341814                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134547891                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11629932                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1880669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18904350                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19119450                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7274418                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529134                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            134384293                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           134384050                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77140553                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       207859632                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101442752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    124824169                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18885649                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2073104                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231154765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179952347     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25379751     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9587110      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4568465      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3849920      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210356      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1933949      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873287      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2799580      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231154765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    101442752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    124824169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18496978                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11305077                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17999912                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       112465017                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2570395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2799580                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          372064301                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         290941408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3057942                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19602749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         101442752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           124824169                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    101442752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.506628                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.506628                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398942                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398942                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      605570114                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     187194027                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     133415704                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34474                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20971229                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17160058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2045712                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8627614                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8251036                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2165999                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93248                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201868318                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            117299723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20971229                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10417035                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24483521                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5591309                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4805528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12349377                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2047961                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    234676324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      210192803     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1144171      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1815799      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2454042      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2525164      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2135849      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1193743      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1773718      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11441035      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    234676324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461303                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199813043                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6878085                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24439841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        26774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3518579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3451429                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    143917012                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1986                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3518579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      200363196                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1420550                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4200318                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23923384                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1250295                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    143866009                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       171017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       545112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    200761567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    669292960                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    669292960                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    174061088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26700472                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35571                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18460                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3739620                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13454029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7298664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86112                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735894                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143687676                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35695                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       136450201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18692                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15879550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38036849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1187                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234676324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176933522     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23747223     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12022272      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9078357      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7130963      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2879189      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1815297      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944224      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125277      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234676324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26189     11.59%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83061     36.75%     48.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116745     51.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114757346     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039232      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17109      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12360468      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7276046      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    136450201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536616                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            225995                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507821413                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159603485                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134409584                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    136676196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278571                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2146332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          566                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105101                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3518579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1135809                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143723512                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13454029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7298664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18461                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103184                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          566                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1190361                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149886                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2340247                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134573396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11633380                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1876805                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18909159                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19123207                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7275779                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529235                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            134409850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           134409584                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        77158184                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       207895460                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528591                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371139                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101466317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    124853163                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18870375                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34508                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2071596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231157745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179943627     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25385407     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9587426      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4572644      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3850618      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210319      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1933345      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       874037      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2800322      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231157745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    101466317                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    124853163                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18501258                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11307695                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18004099                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       112491135                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2570992                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2800322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          372080259                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         290965717                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3056742                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19602901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         101466317                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           124853163                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    101466317                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.506046                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.506046                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.399035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.399035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      605688686                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     187230797                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     133431860                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34476                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19787192                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17856279                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1038303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7371859                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7070553                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1092828                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45641                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209675539                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            124476639                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19787192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      8163381                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24613500                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3266007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      5049536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12036815                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1043028                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    241540451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      216926951     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         877562      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1795154      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         755443      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        4091202      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3641340      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         702760      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1477820      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11272219      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    241540451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077817                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.489527                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      208497357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6241025                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24522637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        78058                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2201369                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1735294                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    145973982                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2768                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2201369                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      208711034                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       4502421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1072067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24402142                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       651411                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    145896037                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       277027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       236708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3553                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    171302251                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    687191128                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    687191128                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    151925954                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       19376297                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        17369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1650792                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     34421719                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     17407170                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158543                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       841203                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        145608470                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17422                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       139981138                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72576                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11250470                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27025031                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          527                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241540451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191829486     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14866768      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12215851      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5283336      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6700783      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6489713      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3682428      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290293      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181793      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241540451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354576     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2763661     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80048      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87818001     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223341      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8382      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33562359     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17369055     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    139981138                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.550502                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3198285                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524773588                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156879916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138781693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    143179423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251001                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1330134                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          564                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3563                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12396                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2201369                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       4135291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       184727                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145625973                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34421719                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17407170                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8987                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       125788                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3563                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       602995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       615211                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1218206                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138997487                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33448540                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       983651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           50816210                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18209856                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         17367670                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546633                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            138786165                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           138781693                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74960865                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       147717269                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545785                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507462                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112764879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    132517770                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13122678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16895                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1061049                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239339082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191304913     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17517657      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8221241      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8128059      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2212476      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9459919      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       709665      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515251      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1269901      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239339082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    112764879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    132517770                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             50394287                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            33091585                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8434                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17499597                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       117840427                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1283673                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1269901                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          383709291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         293482481                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4599957                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              12738774                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         112764879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           132517770                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    112764879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.254951                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.254951                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443469                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443469                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      687148866                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     161165640                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     173800881                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16870                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19321754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17241247                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1535796                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12766307                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12585503                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46289                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203983843                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            109714405                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19321754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13745275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24449857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5044544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3089839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12338654                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1507740                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    235023627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      210573770     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3725588      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1880048      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3677417      1.56%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1183860      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3404071      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         538182      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         878111      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9162580      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    235023627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431472                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      201501072                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5619053                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24402069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3481991                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1837050                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18097                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    122757997                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        34195                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3481991                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      201778030                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3389955                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24145870                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       847816                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    122584025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        94924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       679605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    160674969                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    555573222                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    555573222                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    130312490                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30362469                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16481                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8341                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1833348                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     22062756                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3599889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23124                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       820752                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        121944237                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16539                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       114195412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74226                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21995958                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44985405                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235023627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184927557     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15835162      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16704806      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9731504      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5014759      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1255787      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1489805      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34651      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29596      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235023627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191945     57.33%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78234     23.36%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64657     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89578100     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896580      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8142      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20142683     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569907      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    114195412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.449095                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334836                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463823513                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143957038                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111304901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    114530248                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89190                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4479889                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          314                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3481991                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2293698                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103850                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121960863                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22062756                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3599889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8338                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40794                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2326                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          314                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1034183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       595215                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1629398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112747107                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19857967                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23427707                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17138712                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3569740                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.443399                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            111329512                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           111304901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67334175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       146780500                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.437727                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458741                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88635998                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     99812977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22152827                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16418                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1526122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231541636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194367883     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14613345      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9379385      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2953734      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4899421      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956881      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607303      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555719      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3207965      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231541636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88635998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     99812977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21094636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17582866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15312324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        87234520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1250076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3207965                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          350299150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         247416328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4527833                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19255598                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88635998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            99812977                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88635998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.868803                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.868803                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348577                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348577                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      524016356                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     145047714                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     130330791                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19789911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17858048                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1038206                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7393114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7073038                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1092230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209693927                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            124484919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19789911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      8165268                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24616224                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3266901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5055477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12037701                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1043364                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    241568495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      216952271     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         877300      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1795878      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         755620      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        4092405      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3640538      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         704633      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1478545      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11271305      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    241568495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      208516198                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6246340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24525352                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        78243                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2202357                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1736654                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    145986457                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2801                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2202357                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      208729922                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       4505923                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1073187                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24404914                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       652185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    145909673                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       277208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       236671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3956                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    171318294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    687243604                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    687243604                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    151932275                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       19386007                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16929                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8546                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1649065                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     34426035                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     17408062                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158100                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       841481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        145621581                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16980                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       139991848                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11255550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27039799                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241568495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191851206     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14867658      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12220232      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5285251      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6700250      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6489321      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3683442      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289364      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181771      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241568495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354108     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2763930     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79984      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87823185     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223200      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8382      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33566706     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17370375     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    139991848                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.550544                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3198022                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524824239                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156897678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138791691                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    143189870                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       250777                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1333094                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          568                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3574                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104669                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12394                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2202357                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       4138132                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145638651                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34426035                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17408062                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8546                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126120                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           93                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3574                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       603603                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614538                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1218141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139008531                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33451721                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       983317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           50820757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18212131                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         17369036                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546677                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            138796176                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           138791691                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74960058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       147715805                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545824                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507461                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112769622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    132523335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13129872                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16894                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1060940                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239366138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191329138     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17518375      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8222754      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8128873      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2212358      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9459674      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       709697      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515303      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1269966      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239366138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    112769622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    132523335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             50396327                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            33092934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8434                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17500355                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       117845384                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1283740                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1269966                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          383749041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         293508977                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4599134                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              12710730                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         112769622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           132523335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    112769622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.254856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.254856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      687197359                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     161177714                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     173812608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16868                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20967448                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17157867                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2046994                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8615412                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8246531                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2165613                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93375                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201848473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            117276841                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20967448                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10412144                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24477570                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5594442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4802630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12348872                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2048939                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    234649474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      210171904     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1143848      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1815284      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2453243      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2522843      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2135763      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1193483      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1772379      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11440727      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    234649474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082458                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461213                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199794674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6873754                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24433672                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        26946                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3520426                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3449848                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    143889611                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1991                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3520426                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      200344621                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1417970                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4199836                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23917616                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1249003                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    143838186                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       170636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       544573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    200721277                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    669167274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    669167274                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    174015838                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       26705424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35707                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18600                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3739366                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13453395                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7296756                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85673                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1754260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        143660158                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35832                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       136418418                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18624                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15883823                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38059160                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1331                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234649474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176902471     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23763561     10.13%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12024464      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9069237      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7127418      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2879206      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1813823      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944774      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124520      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234649474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26692     11.82%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83016     36.76%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116094     51.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114732508     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038728      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17104      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12356325      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7273753      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    136418418                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            225802                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507730734                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159580383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134375821                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    136644220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278326                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2148659                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          573                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105076                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3520426                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1133241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121985                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143696133                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13453395                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7296756                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18602                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103251                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          573                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1190950                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151462                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2342412                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134539895                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11629705                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1878521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18903169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19118413                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7273464                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.529103                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            134376056                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           134375821                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        77139487                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       207852693                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371126                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101439921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    124820618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18875532                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34501                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2072879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231129048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179914499     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25393075     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9584885      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4569188      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3856802      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210673      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1928209      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873354      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2798363      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231129048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    101439921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    124820618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18496410                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11304730                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17999368                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       112461824                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2570314                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2798363                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          372026133                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         290912802                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3057891                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19629751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         101439921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           124820618                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    101439921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.506698                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.506698                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398931                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398931                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      605536310                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     187185963                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     133403386                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        34470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20653198                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16936484                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025923                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8646296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8088337                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123022                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91378                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197481235                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117384769                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20653198                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10211359                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25833940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5719670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6593131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12163554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011043                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    233570477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      207736537     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2799702      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3237341      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1782764      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2069815      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1130724      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         766805      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1999107      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12047682      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    233570477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081223                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461637                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      195893283                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      8210944                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25630288                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       192730                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3643226                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3351664                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18945                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143301019                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        94984                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3643226                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      196194026                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2731991                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4627844                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25534862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       838522                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143213413                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       217831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       391983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    199060834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    666865304                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    666865304                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    170305136                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       28755698                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37934                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21319                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2251422                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13665535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7453138                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196702                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1648906                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143007888                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38026                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135273488                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182602                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17640874                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40656332                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4577                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233570477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176549060     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22950242      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12324566      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8525091      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7450514      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3816524      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913073      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595529      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       445878      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233570477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34669     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123446     42.63%     54.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131492     45.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113237214     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2116522      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16585      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12502465      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7400702      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135273488                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531988                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289607                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002141                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504589662                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160688069                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133051644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    135563095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344234                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2380973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          858                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1286                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       151907                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8292                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3643226                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2244753                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142282                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143046041                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13665535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7453138                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21317                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100601                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1286                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132472                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2311568                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133293055                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11748207                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1980433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19147219                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18657712                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7399012                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524200                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133053581                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133051644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        79091703                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       207089361                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381921                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100007793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    122697563                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20349915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2037745                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229927251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179809616     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23237799     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9737275      4.23%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5856815      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4051832      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2619720      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1355851      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093009      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165334      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229927251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100007793                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    122697563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18585793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11284562                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17560235                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110616662                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2496278                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2165334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          370808719                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         289738253                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3024324                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              20708748                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100007793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           122697563                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100007793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.542594                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.542594                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393299                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393299                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      601331185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     184677384                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     133758835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20969626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17158366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2046423                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8613447                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8245660                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2165951                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93449                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201837258                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            117287639                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20969626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10411611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24479043                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5595568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4805354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12348072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2048364                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    234644168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      210165125     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1144853      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1813998      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2453127      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2523078      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2135411      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1193635      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1772171      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11442770      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    234644168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      199784168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6875890                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24435078                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        26889                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3522141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3451371                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    143902225                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1967                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3522141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      200334002                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1418762                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      4201075                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23919001                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1249185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    143850295                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       171005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       544331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    200738769                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    669217235                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    669217235                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    174013798                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26724952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35653                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18545                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3738824                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13455197                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7296979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85773                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1750701                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143673008                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35781                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       136426818                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18606                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15895883                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38083894                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1279                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234644168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176902285     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23754375     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12025656      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9070865      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7126541      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2879353      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1815974      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       943189      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125930      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234644168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26047     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82983     36.70%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117107     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114738094     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038612      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17104      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12358845      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7274163      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    136426818                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536524                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226137                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507742546                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159605226                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134382183                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    136652955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       279985                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2150607                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          556                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105391                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3522141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1134504                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143708935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13455197                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7296979                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18549                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102775                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          556                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1189451                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151332                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2340783                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134546552                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11630982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1880265                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18904871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19119286                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7273889                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529129                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            134382411                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           134382183                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        77142812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       207864086                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528483                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101438730                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    124819137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18889819                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2072306                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231122027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179911938     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25387195     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9585688      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4570194      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3856195      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2209905      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1929395      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       872827      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2798690      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231122027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    101438730                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    124819137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18496178                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11304590                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17999174                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       112460476                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2570283                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2798690                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          372031591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         290940127                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3057526                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19635057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         101438730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           124819137                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    101438730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.506727                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.506727                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398927                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398927                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      605564794                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     187192746                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     133415600                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        34472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23047107                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19188681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2091926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8794518                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8433903                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200471092                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            126412857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23047107                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10913163                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26353628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5824065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6860189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12447005                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1999775                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    237398066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      211044438     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1616720      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2041765      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3243217      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1357942      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1747039      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2035233      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         932929      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13378783      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    237398066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090637                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.497142                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      199291747                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      8153325                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26227825                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        12566                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3712601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3508534                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          557                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    154531676                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2687                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3712601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      199493639                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        647206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      6942560                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26038347                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       563706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    153578648                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        81239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       393288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    214499344                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    714192088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    714192088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    179558430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       34940912                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        37179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1982612                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     14384341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7521621                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84683                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1707313                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        149958252                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       143880493                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144214                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18148824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36950211                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1395                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237398066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176429416     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27806038     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11373291      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6373687      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8627751      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2658187      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2613834      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1405027      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110835      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237398066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        991624     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       135301     10.78%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128269     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121213287     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966871      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17807      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13183477      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7499051      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    143880493                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565837                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1255194                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008724                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526558458                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168145077                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140143131                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    145135687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2713816                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          688                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105563                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3712601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        492059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62048                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149995575                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117845                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14384341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7521621                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19372                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54248                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          688                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1237281                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1177971                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2415252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141381342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12970620                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2499149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20469012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       19996389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7498392                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.556008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            140143570                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           140143131                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        83969819                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       225575322                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.551139                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372247                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104463425                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    128723445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21272746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35922                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2109852                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233685465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179206254     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27611821     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10021682      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4994834      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4567665      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1915816      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1900214      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904698      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2562481      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233685465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    104463425                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    128723445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19086579                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11670525                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             17920                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18658357                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       115892857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2658144                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2562481                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          381118447                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         303705016                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3038725                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              16881159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         104463425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           128723445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    104463425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.434146                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.434146                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410822                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410822                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      636153391                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     195827257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     142915581                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        35892                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20684867                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16959606                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2021963                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8575517                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8088009                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123984                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197425866                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117575614                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20684867                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10211993                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25863067                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5736240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6535735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12159584                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2007219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    233507479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207644412     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2803816      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3233131      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1781278      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2069045      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1127437      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         768782      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        2006285      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12073293      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    233507479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081347                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.462388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      195840180                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      8151358                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25658200                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       193825                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3663910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3360615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18901                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    143541036                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        93937                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3663910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      196142133                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2812780                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4482003                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25562866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       843781                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    143455256                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       221756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       392946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    199354581                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    667984574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    667984574                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    170318533                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       29036040                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20991                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2251876                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13690143                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7465394                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196657                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1654035                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143246340                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37699                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135396242                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17866346                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41294242                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4246                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233507479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176461816     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22940330      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12328185      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8533553      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7461339      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3827221      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914483      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       593892      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446660      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233507479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35502     12.12%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126043     43.01%     55.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131494     44.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113329505     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118737      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16587      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12518986      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412427      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135396242                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.532471                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504780516                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161151655                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133159940                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    135689281                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342534                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2404692                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          856                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1273                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163575                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8291                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3663910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2317849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145943                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143284162                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13690143                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7465394                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20990                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1273                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135332                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2307103                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133409874                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11755373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1986367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19166026                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18668541                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7410653                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.524659                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133162041                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133159940                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        79141720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       207303768                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.523676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381767                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100015698                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    122707240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20578104                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2033711                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229843569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179725580     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23237496     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9739035      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5853723      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4052528      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2618148      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356824      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093171      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2167064      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229843569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    100015698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    122707240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18587270                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11285451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16690                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17561615                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110625413                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2496483                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2167064                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          370961173                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         290234679                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3021905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              20771746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         100015698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           122707240                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    100015698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.542393                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.542393                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      601805157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184809480                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133959937                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33422                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20613037                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16857443                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2011386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8596123                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8141976                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89669                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200096164                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            116952681                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20613037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10264203                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24517469                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5834193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3489674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12302767                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2027478                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231882045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      207364576     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1331868      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2104872      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3344944      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1383939      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1547808      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1650848      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1076408      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12076782      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231882045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081065                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.459938                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      198257364                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5342974                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24441618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        61812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3778276                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3380136                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          464                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    142818328                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3014                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3778276                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      198561567                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1714945                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2750535                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24205126                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       871583                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    142738181                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        25990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       245240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       328802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41131                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    198175395                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    664010953                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    664010953                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    169309879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28865516                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        36324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19952                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2621860                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13600810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7311642                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220625                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        142540439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36420                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       134958400                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165591                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18008020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39980669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3406                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231882045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174975895     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22840468      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12489972      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8516528      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7958322      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2290404      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1787490      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605572      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417394      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231882045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31514     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97082     38.62%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122806     48.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113056711     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2133588      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16370      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12474831      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7276900      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    134958400                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530749                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251402                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502215838                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160586377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132790705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    135209802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       405957                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2426278                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          326                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1529                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207967                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8419                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3778276                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1149904                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120126                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142576986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13600810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7311642                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1529                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1178796                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1144782                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2323578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133039102                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11732828                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1919298                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19008009                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18720821                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7275181                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            132791697                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           132790705                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        77643360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       202839586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522224                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99451622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    121902187                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20675026                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33014                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2053963                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228103769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178614740     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23967381     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9330103      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5028017      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3764323      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2103661      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1294577      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1160246      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2840721      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228103769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     99451622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    121902187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18278207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11174532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17498491                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       109843028                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2476404                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2840721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          367839598                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         288932899                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3227142                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              22397180                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          99451622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           121902187                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     99451622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.556813                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.556813                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391112                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391112                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      599957921                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     184073128                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     133213014                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254279225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20679668                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16957489                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024578                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8581017                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8086828                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121359                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90708                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197386326                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117543532                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20679668                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10208187                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25860836                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5742619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6536595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12159667                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2009605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    233470348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207609512     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2801516      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3240299      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1782012      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2067224      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1128979      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         765403      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2002686      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12072717      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    233470348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462262                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      195798289                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      8154946                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25654367                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       195083                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3667657                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3357597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18935                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143504962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        93700                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3667657                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      196102108                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2829384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4465790                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25558433                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       846970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143416475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       221779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       394850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           25                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199305382                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    667800445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    667800445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170243877                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29061467                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37627                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21025                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2265310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13688494                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7462109                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197340                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1654959                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143201018                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37706                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135338734                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186841                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17877532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41330728                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4269                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233470348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176443059     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22935879      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12323494      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8532900      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7459184      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3821258      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914086      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594279      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446209      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233470348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35784     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126192     42.98%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131645     44.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113285586     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2116930      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16579      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12510979      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7408660      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135338734                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532245                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293621                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504628274                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161117519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133103901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    135632355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343108                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2407981                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          837                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8287                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3667657                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2334218                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146476                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143238844                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13688494                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7462109                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21005                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103114                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173261                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1137222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2310483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133353090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11750781                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1985640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19157517                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18660155                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7406736                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524436                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133105968                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133103901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        79115087                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       207235692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523456                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381764                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99971870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122653464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20586535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33437                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2036277                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229802691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179705514     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23229730     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9733658      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5851202      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4051184      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2614828      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1357735      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093194      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165646      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229802691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99971870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122653464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18579126                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11280510                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17553910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110576915                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2495380                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2165646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          370876368                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290147763                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3023634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              20808877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99971870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122653464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99971870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.543508                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.543508                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393158                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393158                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      601551290                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184735194                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133921166                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33406                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254278894                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20967827                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17156987                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2047083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8612322                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8247348                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2165666                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93239                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201826782                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            117280884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20967827                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10413014                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24478635                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5595788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4812928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12348371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2048932                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    234640413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      210161778     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1144895      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1815157      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2452750      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2523928      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2135790      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1192303      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1773218      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11440594      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    234640413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082460                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461229                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      199774815                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6882364                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24434516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        27025                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3521691                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3451009                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    143890792                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1986                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3521691                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      200324595                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1421525                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4204858                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23918641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1249101                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    143838560                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       170805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       544596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    200724063                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    669162926                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    669162926                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    174007159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       26716824                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35728                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18623                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3739651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13451602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7296897                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86231                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1736592                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        143661296                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35856                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       136417845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18681                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15889078                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38064744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1357                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234640413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176913179     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23738935     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12018445      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9079490      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7128668      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2877077      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1814483      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944493      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125643      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234640413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26367     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83001     36.71%     48.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116743     51.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114730808     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038759      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17103      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12357162      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7274013      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    136417845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226111                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507720895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159586794                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134374298                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    136643956                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2147385                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          566                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105554                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3521691                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1137291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121760                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143697295                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13451602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7296897                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18625                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          566                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1190152                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151760                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2341912                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134538425                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11630062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1879420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18903801                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19118473                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7273739                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529098                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            134374568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           134374298                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        77139732                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       207843976                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528452                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371142                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101434870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    124814517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18882754                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2072958                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231118722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179920859     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25376887     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9584187      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4571715      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3848958      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210528      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1932628      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873809      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2799151      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231118722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    101434870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    124814517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18495539                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11304205                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17210                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17998534                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       112456327                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2570207                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2799151                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          372016140                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         290916361                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3057093                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              19638481                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         101434870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           124814517                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    101434870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.506819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.506819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398912                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398912                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      605529261                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     187183823                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     133408154                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        34470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         323766                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.073252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2232008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         356533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.260313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           232.787719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.932481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1668.230121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.610891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2578.802610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.631323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1583.813744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.960422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1185.906507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.947278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1209.289962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.914811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2570.367196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.485538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1593.520728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.235673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2576.896291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.831742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1204.842576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.343059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1678.673363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.707897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1205.554965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.701149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   968.759898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.668074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1678.236765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.658734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2204.514664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.672592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1681.508929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.751155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1208.976220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           383.333695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           390.075443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           358.457070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           339.727985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           319.033772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           407.314945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           350.319378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           406.257906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           315.253691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           357.779991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           314.256983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           287.721925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           360.826503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           415.797929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           364.897617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           316.283346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.050910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.078699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.048334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.036191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.036905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.078441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.048630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.078641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.036769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.051229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.036791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.029564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.051216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.067276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.051316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.036895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.011698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.011904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.012430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.010691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.012398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.009621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.008781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.012689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        49544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        49604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        49642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        43851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  572128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           197178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                197178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2098                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        49622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        49680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        49718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        26000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        43986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   574226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        49622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        49680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        49718                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36457                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        26000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36595                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        43986                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  574226                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                323608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 323640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19291                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14052                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19481                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                323640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6001306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3186727614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5847982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5220052117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5183887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3137247962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6458605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2285103031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6018897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2292085043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6122651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5213985205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5148391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3127463416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6096631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5212921470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6356954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2306502843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5713336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3200880748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6255481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2310764037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5362484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1792506033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5596445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3229896670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5736756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4676341913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5650329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3244022898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6243478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2310281114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52840575727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1132673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       299758                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       150984                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       302587                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       341815                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       305142                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       695498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       930582                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       596562                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4755601                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6001306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3187860287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5847982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5220052117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5183887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3137547720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6458605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2285103031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6018897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2292236027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6122651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5214287792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5148391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3127805231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6096631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5213226612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6356954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2306502843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5713336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3201576246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6255481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2310764037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5362484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1792506033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5596445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3230827252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5736756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4676341913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5650329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3244619460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6243478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2310281114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      52845331328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6001306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3187860287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5847982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5220052117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5183887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3137547720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6458605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2285103031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6018897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2292236027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6122651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5214287792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5148391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3127805231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6096631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5213226612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6356954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2306502843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5713336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3201576246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6255481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2310764037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5362484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1792506033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5596445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3230827252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5736756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4676341913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5650329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3244619460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6243478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2310281114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     52845331328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        41334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              895736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       197178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            197178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        41485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               897866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        41485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              897866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.346485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.339856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.392934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.342082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.297548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.393804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.342019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.361276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.048780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.028169                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.028986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.015023                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.338651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.392583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.341006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.393071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.360455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.338651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.392583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.341006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.393071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.360455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157929.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164501.735185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149948.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162466.608061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148111.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162644.406760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157526.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162872.632288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154330.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163126.115081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149332.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162394.032610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151423.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162440.316626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152415.775000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162411.486120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158923.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163095.944209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158703.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164350.007599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156387.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163327.964165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148957.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164103.820654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155456.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164371.331807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150967.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164157.051041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152711.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164621.074698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156086.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163420.889439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163285.752290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 141584.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       149879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       150984                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151293.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 170907.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       152571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 139099.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       155097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149140.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148612.531250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157929.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164492.274871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149948.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162466.608061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148111.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162643.083303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157526.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162872.632288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154330.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163125.250996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149332.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162393.341182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151423.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162441.196105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152415.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162410.872987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158923.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163095.944209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158703.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164343.526821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156387.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163327.964165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148957.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164103.820654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155456.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164368.500814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150967.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164157.051041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152711.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164617.933029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156086.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163420.889439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163284.301471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157929.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164492.274871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149948.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162466.608061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148111.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162643.083303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157526.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162872.632288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154330.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163125.250996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149332.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162393.341182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151423.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162441.196105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152415.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162410.872987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158923.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163095.944209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158703.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164343.526821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156387.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163327.964165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148957.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164103.820654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155456.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164368.500814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150967.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164157.051041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152711.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164617.933029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156086.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163420.889439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163284.301471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               102762                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    102762                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           323608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            323640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           323640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3787291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2058599471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3581803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3349778147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3146635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2013617705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4076617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1468094642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3749137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1473889357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3740963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3345241083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3170063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2005980423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3768972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3344760991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4033944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1482962743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3616762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2066654972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3930389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1486892389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3267265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1156438041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3503911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2085549621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3519860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3017544566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3496541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2096368634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3917200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1487261743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33997941881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       666115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       183323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        92985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       186220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       225279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       187732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       404341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       582150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       363711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2891856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3787291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2059265586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3581803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3349778147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3146635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2013801028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4076617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1468094642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3749137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1473982342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3740963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3345427303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3170063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2006205702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3768972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3344948723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4033944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1482962743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3616762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2067059313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3930389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1486892389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3267265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1156438041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3503911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2086131771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3519860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3017544566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3496541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2096732345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3917200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1487261743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34000833737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3787291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2059265586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3581803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3349778147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3146635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2013801028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4076617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1468094642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3749137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1473982342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3740963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3345427303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3170063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2006205702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3768972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3344948723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4033944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1482962743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3616762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2067059313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3930389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1486892389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3267265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1156438041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3503911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2086131771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3519860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3017544566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3496541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2096732345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3917200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1487261743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34000833737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.346485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.339856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.392934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.342082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.297548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.393804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.342019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.361276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.048780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.028986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.338651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.392583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.341006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.393071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.360455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.338651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.392583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.341006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.393071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.340774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.360455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99665.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106266.749484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91841.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104257.022938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89903.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104392.021619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99429.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104639.675125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96131.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104895.691196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        91243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104190.397203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93237.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104190.537734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94224.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104207.900770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100848.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104862.306817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100465.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106112.906757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98259.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105095.588705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90757.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105871.833837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97330.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106134.840763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92627.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105927.074315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94501.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106382.250787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        97930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105203.490344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105059.027839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83264.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91661.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        92985                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        93110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112639.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        93866                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 80868.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        97025                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90927.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90370.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99665.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106257.254180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91841.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104257.022938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89903.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104390.701778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99429.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104639.675125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96131.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104894.843581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        91243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104189.707029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93237.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104191.415321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94224.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104207.256394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100848.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104862.306817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100465.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106106.427442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98259.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105095.588705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90757.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105871.833837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97330.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106132.059982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92627.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105927.074315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94501.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106379.114409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        97930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105203.490344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105057.575507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99665.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106257.254180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91841.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104257.022938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89903.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104390.701778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 99429.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104639.675125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96131.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104894.843581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        91243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104189.707029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93237.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104191.415321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94224.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104207.256394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100848.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104862.306817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100465.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106106.427442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98259.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105095.588705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90757.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105871.833837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97330.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106132.059982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92627.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105927.074315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94501.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106379.114409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        97930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105203.490344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105057.575507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              519.447682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012169365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1942743.502879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.447682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12161273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12161273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12161273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12161273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12161273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12161273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8534118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8534118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8534118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8534118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8534118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8534118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12161321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12161321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12161321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12161321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12161321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12161321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177794.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177794.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177794.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177794.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177794.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177794.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7011614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7011614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7011614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7011614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7011614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7011614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179784.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179784.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179784.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179784.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179784.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179784.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56074                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172656903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3065.096805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.810042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.189958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8576828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8576828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7261074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18031                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18031                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15837902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15837902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15837902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15837902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       195649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       195649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24962604929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24962604929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    481338404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    481338404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25443943333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25443943333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25443943333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25443943333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8768673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8768673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18031                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18031                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16033551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16033551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16033551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16033551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130118.611009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130118.611009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 126534.806519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126534.806519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130048.931162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130048.931162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130048.931162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130048.931162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5854314768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5854314768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11839206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11839206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5866153974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5866153974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5866153974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5866153974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104709.618458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104709.618458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 72190.280488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72190.280488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104614.508935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104614.508935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104614.508935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104614.508935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              578.883433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1041620203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1786655.579760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.295109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   540.588324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.866327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12037422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12037422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12037422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12037422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12037422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12037422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8301864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8301864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8301864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8301864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8301864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8301864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12037475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12037475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12037475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12037475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12037475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12037475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156638.943396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156638.943396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156638.943396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156638.943396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156638.943396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156638.943396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6427791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6427791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6427791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160694.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160694.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160694.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160694.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160694.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160694.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                81752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              450422517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                82008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5492.421678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.909419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.090581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     31572324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31572324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17289068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17289068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8445                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8445                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     48861392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       48861392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     48861392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      48861392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       289361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       289618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       289618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       289618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       289618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34738303520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34738303520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22645068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22645068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34760948588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34760948588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34760948588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34760948588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     31861685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31861685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17289325                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17289325                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8445                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8445                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49151010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49151010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49151010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49151010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120051.781408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120051.781408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 88113.105058                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88113.105058                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120023.439800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120023.439800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120023.439800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120023.439800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           15225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       207687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       207866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       207866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9016026306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9016026306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5585473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5585473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9021611779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9021611779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9021611779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9021611779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110390.409506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110390.409506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 71608.628205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71608.628205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110353.407611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110353.407611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110353.407611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110353.407611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.717321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              931035103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1653703.557726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.566802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.150519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.055396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12337920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12337920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12337920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12337920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12337920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12337920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6888234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6888234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6888234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6888234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6888234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6888234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12337964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12337964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12337964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12337964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12337964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12337964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156550.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156550.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156550.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156550.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156550.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156550.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5683645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5683645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5683645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157879.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157879.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157879.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157879.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157879.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157879.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                55247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              224714748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                55503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4048.695530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.886901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.113099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.792527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.207473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18133885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18133885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3494863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3494863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8246                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8246                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21628748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       21628748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21628748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      21628748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       192365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       192700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       192700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       192700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       192700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21876139779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21876139779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30016269                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30016269                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21906156048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21906156048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21906156048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21906156048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18326250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18326250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3495198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8246                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8246                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21821448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21821448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21821448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21821448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113722.037684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113722.037684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 89600.802985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89600.802985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113680.104037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113680.104037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113680.104037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113680.104037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5752498567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5752498567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4929937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4929937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5757428504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5757428504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5757428504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5757428504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104257.259805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104257.259805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69435.732394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69435.732394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104212.509349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104212.509349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104212.509349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104212.509349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.009541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011046399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1948066.279383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.009541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12350564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12350564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12350564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12350564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12350564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12350564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11327795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11327795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11327795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11327795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11327795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11327795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12350617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12350617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12350617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12350617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12350617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12350617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 213731.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 213731.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 213731.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213731.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 213731.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213731.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9238356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9238356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9238356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9238356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9238356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9238356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 209962.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209962.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 209962.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209962.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 209962.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209962.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                41489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166592594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3990.719703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.363578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.636422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8503356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8503356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7157893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15661249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15661249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15661249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15661249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       132908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       133808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       133808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16304869978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16304869978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78575359                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78575359                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16383445337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16383445337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16383445337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16383445337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8636264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8636264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7158793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7158793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17237                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17237                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15795057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15795057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15795057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15795057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122677.867231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122677.867231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87305.954444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87305.954444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122439.953792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122439.953792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122439.953792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122439.953792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        91572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4259736100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4259736100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10423545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10423545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4270159645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4270159645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4270159645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4270159645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103051.482969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103051.482969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68127.745098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68127.745098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102922.693847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102922.693847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102922.693847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102922.693847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.034823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011045164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1955599.930368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.034823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.065761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12349329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12349329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12349329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12349329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12349329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12349329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10163412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10163412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10163412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10163412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10163412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10163412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12349377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12349377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12349377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12349377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12349377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12349377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211737.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211737.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211737.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211737.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211737.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211737.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8695330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8695330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8695330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8695330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8695330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8695330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 207031.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207031.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 207031.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207031.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 207031.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207031.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                41494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166596299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3990.330515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.354791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.645209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8505533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8505533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7159574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7159574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18328                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18328                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15665107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15665107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15665107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15665107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       134017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       134017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       134017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       134017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16373408678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16373408678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     76890928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76890928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16450299606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16450299606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16450299606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16450299606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8638674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8638674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7160450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7160450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18328                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18328                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15799124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15799124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15799124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15799124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122977.960793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122977.960793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87775.031963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87775.031963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122747.857406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122747.857406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122747.857406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122747.857406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        91797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4268606112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4268606112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10311519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10311519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4278917631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4278917631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4278917631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4278917631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103246.084365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103246.084365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68743.460000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68743.460000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103121.358052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103121.358052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103121.358052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103121.358052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              581.524532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1041619542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1780546.225641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.450297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.074234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.064824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12036761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12036761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12036761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12036761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12036761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12036761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8625215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8625215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8625215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8625215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8625215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8625215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12036815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12036815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12036815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12036815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12036815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12036815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159726.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159726.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159726.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159726.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159726.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159726.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6867995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6867995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6867995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6867995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6867995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6867995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163523.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163523.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163523.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163523.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163523.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163523.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                81789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              450411664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                82045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5489.812469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.909227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.090773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     31564756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31564756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17285330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17285330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8435                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8435                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     48850086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       48850086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     48850086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      48850086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       289524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       289784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       289784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       289784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       289784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  34801895508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34801895508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23224821                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23224821                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  34825120329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34825120329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  34825120329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34825120329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     31854280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31854280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17285590                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17285590                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8435                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8435                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     49139870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49139870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     49139870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49139870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120203.836324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120203.836324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 89326.234615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89326.234615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120176.132323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120176.132323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120176.132323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120176.132323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           15924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       207813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       207995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       207995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        81711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        81789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        81789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9026524456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9026524456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5733906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5733906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9032258362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9032258362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9032258362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9032258362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110468.902057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110468.902057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73511.615385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73511.615385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110433.656873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110433.656873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110433.656873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110433.656873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.542600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              931035796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1656647.323843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.392163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.150437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12338613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12338613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12338613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12338613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12338613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12338613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6699424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6699424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6699424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6699424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6699424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6699424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12338654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12338654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12338654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12338654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12338654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12338654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163400.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163400.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163400.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163400.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163400.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163400.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5676613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5676613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5676613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5676613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5676613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5676613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162188.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162188.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162188.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162188.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162188.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162188.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55271                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224714598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4046.942893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   202.385373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    53.614627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.790568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.209432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18133718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18133718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3494862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3494862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21628580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21628580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21628580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21628580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       192126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       192454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       192454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       192454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       192454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21856967287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21856967287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30131668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30131668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21887098955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21887098955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21887098955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21887098955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18325844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18325844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3495190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21821034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21821034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21821034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21821034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113763.713849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113763.713849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91864.841463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91864.841463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113726.391527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113726.391527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113726.391527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113726.391527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6566                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6566                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       136924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       137183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       137183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5747957230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5747957230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4824005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4824005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5752781235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5752781235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5752781235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5752781235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104125.887287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104125.887287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69913.115942                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69913.115942                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104083.176259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104083.176259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104083.176259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104083.176259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              580.732127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1041620426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1783596.619863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.695894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.036233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.063615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12037645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12037645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12037645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12037645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12037645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12037645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8724609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8724609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8724609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8724609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8724609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8724609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12037701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12037701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12037701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12037701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12037701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12037701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155796.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155796.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155796.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155796.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155796.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155796.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6735229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6735229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6735229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6735229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6735229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6735229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164273.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164273.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164273.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164273.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164273.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164273.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                81817                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              450415552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                82073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5487.986938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.908454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.091546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     31568411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31568411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17286024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17286024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8439                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8439                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     48854435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       48854435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     48854435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      48854435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       289669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       289927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       289927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       289927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       289927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34779272543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34779272543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     23291289                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23291289                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34802563832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34802563832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34802563832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34802563832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     31858080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31858080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17286282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17286282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8439                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8439                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8434                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49144362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49144362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49144362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49144362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120065.566364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120065.566364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90276.313953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90276.313953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120039.057528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120039.057528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120039.057528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120039.057528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           15605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       207930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       208110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       208110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9023916737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9023916737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5698466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5698466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9029615203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9029615203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9029615203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9029615203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110399.157526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110399.157526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73057.256410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73057.256410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110363.557733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110363.557733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110363.557733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110363.557733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.178885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1011044654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1951823.656371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.178885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.067594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12348819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12348819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12348819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12348819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12348819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12348819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11521530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11521530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11521530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11521530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11521530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11521530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12348872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12348872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12348872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12348872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12348872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12348872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 217387.358491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 217387.358491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 217387.358491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 217387.358491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 217387.358491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 217387.358491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9569888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9569888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9569888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9569888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9569888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9569888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 222555.534884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222555.534884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 222555.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222555.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 222555.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222555.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                41493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166591921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3990.321229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.361488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.638512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8502898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8502898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7157687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18475                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18475                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17235                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17235                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15660585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15660585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15660585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15660585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       132909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          888                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          888                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       133797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       133797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       133797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       133797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16376221296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16376221296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     78532620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78532620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16454753916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16454753916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16454753916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16454753916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8635807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8635807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7158575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7158575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15794382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15794382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15794382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15794382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123213.787599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123213.787599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 88437.635135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88437.635135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122982.981053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122982.981053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122982.981053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122982.981053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        91568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        92304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        92304                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92304                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4279390140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4279390140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10503050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10503050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4289893190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4289893190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4289893190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4289893190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103514.432162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103514.432162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69099.013158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69099.013158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103388.359241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103388.359241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103388.359241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103388.359241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              517.706916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012171600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1950234.296724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.706916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12163508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12163508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12163508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12163508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12163508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12163508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8151284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8151284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8151284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8151284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8151284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8151284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12163554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12163554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12163554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12163554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12163554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12163554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177201.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177201.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177201.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177201.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177201.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177201.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6644390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6644390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6644390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179578.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179578.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179578.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179578.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179578.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179578.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55938                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172651651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                56194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3072.421451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.808820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.191180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.913316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.086684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8571057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8571057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7261634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17991                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17991                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15832691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15832691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15832691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15832691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       191197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       195002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       195002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24908977207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24908977207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    481759793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    481759793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25390737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25390737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25390737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25390737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8762254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8762254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7265439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7265439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17991                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17991                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16027693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16027693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16027693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16027693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130279.121571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130279.121571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126612.297766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126612.297766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130207.572230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130207.572230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130207.572230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130207.572230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           19077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       135420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5854762232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5854762232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11489099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11489099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5866251331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5866251331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5866251331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5866251331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104967.320437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104967.320437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 71360.863354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71360.863354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104870.594784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104870.594784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104870.594784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104870.594784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.235114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011043855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1951822.113900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.235114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.067684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12348020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12348020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12348020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12348020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12348020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12348020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10774786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10774786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10774786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10774786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10774786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10774786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12348072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12348072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12348072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12348072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12348072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12348072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 207207.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 207207.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 207207.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 207207.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 207207.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 207207.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9091190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9091190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9091190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9091190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9091190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9091190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 211423.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211423.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 211423.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211423.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 211423.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211423.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                41489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166591346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3990.689807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.361229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.638771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8502494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8502494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7157572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15660066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15660066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15660066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15660066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       133915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       133915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16393909347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16393909347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     80678205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80678205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16474587552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16474587552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16474587552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16474587552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8635499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8635499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7158482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7158482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15793981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15793981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15793981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15793981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123257.842540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123257.842540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 88657.368132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88657.368132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123022.720024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123022.720024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123022.720024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123022.720024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8730                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        91671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        92426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        92426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4282139882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4282139882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10729040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10729040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4292868922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4292868922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4292868922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4292868922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103598.487492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103598.487492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69219.612903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69219.612903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103470.050423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103470.050423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103470.050423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103470.050423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              492.249682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1014235916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2057273.663286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.249682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.059695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.788862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12446958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12446958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12446958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12446958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12446958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12446958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7423219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7423219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7423219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7423219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7423219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7423219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12447005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12447005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12447005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12447005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12447005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12447005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157940.829787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157940.829787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157940.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157940.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157940.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157940.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6009412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6009412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6009412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6009412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6009412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6009412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158142.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158142.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158142.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158142.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158142.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158142.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                36923                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              164382925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                37179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4421.391780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.474378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.525622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9931285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9931285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7377647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7377647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19089                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19089                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17308932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17308932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17308932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17308932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        94805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2150                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2150                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        96955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        96955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        96955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        96955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10157487100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10157487100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    141743761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141743761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10299230861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10299230861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10299230861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10299230861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10026090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10026090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7379797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7379797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19089                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19089                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17405887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17405887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17405887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17405887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107140.837509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107140.837509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65927.330698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65927.330698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106226.918271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106226.918271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106226.918271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106226.918271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        51121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 10224.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        58095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3628643975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3628643975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16214640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16214640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3644858615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3644858615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3644858615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3644858615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98846.199265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98846.199265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 76125.070423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76125.070423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98715.126479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98715.126479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98715.126479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98715.126479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.241385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012167629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1950226.645472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.241385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12159537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12159537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12159537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12159537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12159537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12159537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8291867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8291867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8291867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8291867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8291867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8291867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12159584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12159584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12159584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12159584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12159584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12159584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176422.702128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176422.702128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176422.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176422.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176422.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176422.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6624813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6624813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6624813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6624813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6624813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6624813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       179049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       179049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       179049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       179049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       179049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       179049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                56251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              172660337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                56507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3055.556604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.808618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.191382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8579373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8579373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7262222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7262222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17771                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17771                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15841595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15841595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15841595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15841595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       191768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3802                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3802                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       195570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       195570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       195570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       195570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24964259447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24964259447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    491660723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    491660723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25455920170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25455920170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25455920170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25455920170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8771141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8771141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7266024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7266024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17771                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17771                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16711                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16711                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16037165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16037165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16037165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16037165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130179.484831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130179.484831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129316.339558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129316.339558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130162.704760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130162.704760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130162.704760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130162.704760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        88204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        88204                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           19193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       135679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5893832627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5893832627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11644623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11644623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5905477250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5905477250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5905477250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5905477250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105080.009039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105080.009039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 71880.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71880.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104984.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104984.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104984.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104984.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              527.463976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1016760761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1922043.026465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.463976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.060038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12302716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12302716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12302716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12302716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12302716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12302716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7861929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7861929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7861929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7861929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7861929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7861929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12302767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12302767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12302767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12302767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12302767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12302767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154155.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154155.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154155.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154155.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154155.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154155.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6261920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6261920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6261920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6261920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6261920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6261920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160562.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160562.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160562.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160562.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160562.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160562.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                72473                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              181299858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                72729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2492.813843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.171455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.828545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8534023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8534023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7069541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7069541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15603564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15603564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15603564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15603564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       183758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       184572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       184572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22270376948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22270376948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69264060                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69264060                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22339641008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22339641008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22339641008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22339641008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8717781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8717781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7070355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7070355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15788136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15788136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15788136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15788136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121194.053853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121194.053853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85090.982801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85090.982801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121034.831979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121034.831979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121034.831979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121034.831979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7920584976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7920584976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8904904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8904904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7929489880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7929489880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7929489880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7929489880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109494.110647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109494.110647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 65962.251852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65962.251852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109413.021125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109413.021125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109413.021125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109413.021125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.659060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012167712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1946476.369231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.659060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12159620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12159620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12159620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12159620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12159620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12159620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7722507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7722507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7722507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7722507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7722507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7722507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12159667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12159667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12159667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12159667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12159667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12159667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164308.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164308.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164308.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164308.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164308.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164308.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6387869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6387869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6387869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6387869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6387869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6387869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168101.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168101.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168101.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168101.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168101.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168101.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                56244                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              172652899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                56500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3055.803522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.819997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.180003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8575114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8575114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7259031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15834145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15834145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15834145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15834145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       192001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       195806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       195806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25006153572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25006153572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    481913630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    481913630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25488067202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25488067202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25488067202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25488067202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8767115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8767115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7262836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7262836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16029951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16029951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16029951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16029951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130239.704856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130239.704856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 126652.727989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126652.727989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130170.000929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130170.000929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130170.000929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130170.000929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           19226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       139562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       139562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5901380123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5901380123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11300281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11300281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5912680404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5912680404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5912680404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5912680404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105223.951983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105223.951983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 70626.756250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70626.756250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105125.531683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105125.531683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105125.531683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105125.531683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              516.993984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1011044153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1951822.689189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    41.993984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.067298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12348318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12348318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12348318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12348318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12348318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12348318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10948401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10948401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10948401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10948401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10948401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10948401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12348371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12348371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12348371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12348371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12348371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12348371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 206573.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 206573.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 206573.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206573.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 206573.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206573.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9019028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9019028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9019028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9019028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9019028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9019028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 209744.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209744.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 209744.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209744.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 209744.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209744.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                41483                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              166592076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                41739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3991.280960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.360553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.639447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8503366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8503366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7157347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18502                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18502                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17235                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17235                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15660713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15660713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15660713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15660713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       132974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       133856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       133856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       133856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       133856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16397465723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16397465723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     76801923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76801923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16474267646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16474267646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16474267646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16474267646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8636340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8636340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7158229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7158229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18502                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18502                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15794569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15794569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15794569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15794569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123313.322326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123313.322326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87077.010204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87077.010204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123074.555089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123074.555089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123074.555089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123074.555089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        91640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        92371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        92371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        41334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        41485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        41485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4285392649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4285392649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10306428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10306428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4295699077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4295699077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4295699077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4295699077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103677.182199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103677.182199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68254.490066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68254.490066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103548.248210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103548.248210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103548.248210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103548.248210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
