
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012373                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12373142268                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537200735805                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 369021                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   481175                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 292871                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67773628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42247.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15590332770                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20328598720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       253824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       425984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       269312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       269824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       269824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       253440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       454016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       269696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       453888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       269952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       269184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       269824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       120960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4716800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           67072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1138688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1138688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8896                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8896                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20514110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     34428118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21765853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20586525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21807233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       331040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21807233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20483075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36693670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21796888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36683325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21817578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21755508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       300005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21807233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9776013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               381212783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       331040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       300005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5420773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          92029007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               92029007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          92029007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20514110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     34428118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21765853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20586525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21807233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       331040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21807233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20483075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36693670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21796888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36683325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21817578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21755508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       300005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21807233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9776013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              473241790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2080485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2080485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       980800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21546229     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133524      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210983      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336437      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139210      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155928      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108764      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220832      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19981117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1177690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       341044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14416432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        260604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       825274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        91322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14406460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20000173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67010270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67010270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2976158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          273976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18282526     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302822      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258188      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858594      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803240      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229388      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180507      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61061      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3177     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9589     38.29%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394115     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257515      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733197      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51264597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        168674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1886609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.451819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13380810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13380615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7824007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20436981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.450954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18652360     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411212     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938521      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505979      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377329      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210594      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131198      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115914      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286266      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       286266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37733151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29169275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                329241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               5653428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.967180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.967180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.337020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.337020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60452600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18547943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13449279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2185108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215909                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       903072                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         852958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223140                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20863077                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12414669                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2185108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1076098                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2729109                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        612772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1984929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1286826                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     25970061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23240952     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         293643      1.13%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         341294      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         188506      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         218465      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         119278      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          81685      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         211855      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1274383      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     25970061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073643                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.418400                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20695823                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2155878                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2707117                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        20540                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       390701                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       353912                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15151815                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        11511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       390701                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20727407                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        669484                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1395461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2696816                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        90190                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15142014                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        41585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21041520                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     70493894                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     70493894                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17944242                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3097278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3887                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          244702                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447619                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       786547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20532                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       173490                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15115258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14275885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19934                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1898739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4408706                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          369                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25970061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19952294     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2422224      9.33%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1298622      5.00%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901806      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786819      3.03%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402259      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96452      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        62964      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46621      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25970061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3653     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13288     43.08%     54.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13905     45.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11950710     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223000      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1319849      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780578      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14275885                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.481126                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30846                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54572611                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17018055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14038368                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14306731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35755                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258391                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16978                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          559                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       390701                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        623811                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15291                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15119176                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447619                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10636                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124901                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121361                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       246262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14065005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1239875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2020201                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1968248                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           780326                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.474019                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14038695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14038368                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8344424                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        21855220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.473121                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381805                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10538080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12929191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2190257                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       216924                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25579360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20295589     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2451546      9.58%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026644      4.01%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615709      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428208      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275677      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143394      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115095      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227498      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25579360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10538080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12929191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1958797                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1189228                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1850407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11656281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       263119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       227498                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           40471245                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30629617                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                321181                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3701744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10538080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12929191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10538080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.815675                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.815675                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.355155                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.355155                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       63442154                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19485037                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14141599                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               29670567                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2087038                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1707299                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206307                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854953                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         819699                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213991                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9058                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20242972                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11844744                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2087038                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1033690                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2479049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        602531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       960309                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1247178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207461                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24074025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21594976     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         133661      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         211674      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         336510      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         140309      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         156446      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         167412      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         109129      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1223908      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24074025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070340                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.399209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20047772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1157373                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2471179                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         6276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       391422                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       341379                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14457989                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       391422                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20079241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        241304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       824107                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2446518                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        91428                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14447291                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents         3063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        25089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        34138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5607                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     20056244                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67199866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67199866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17066597                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2989575                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3770                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2117                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          274805                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1377984                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       739731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22362                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       169161                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14427416                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13638427                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1854894                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4159674                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          450                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24074025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18320978     76.10%     76.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2311100      9.60%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1261370      5.24%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       861473      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       805204      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229950      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180257      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61484      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42209      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24074025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3210     12.73%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9657     38.29%     51.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12354     48.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11425087     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215619      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1650      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1261285      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       734786      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13638427                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.459662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25221                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51394094                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16286239                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13416031                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13663648                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41181                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251578                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23706                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          877                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       391422                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        152660                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14431221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1377984                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2116                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9465                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118621                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       238387                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13442173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1185867                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       196254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1920295                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1891430                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           734428                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.453047                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13416229                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13416031                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7845316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20491344                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.452166                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382860                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10025028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12287914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2143305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       210454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23682603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18691683     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2418029     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       941436      3.98%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       507652      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378100      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211580      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131402      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116423      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286298      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23682603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10025028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12287914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1842408                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1126396                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1660                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1764053                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11072157                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       249633                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       286298                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37827459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29253968                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                330895                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               5596542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10025028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12287914                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10025028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.959649                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.959649                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.337878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.337878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60614422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18599097                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13487082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3326                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2019876                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808476                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1364883                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333664                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117837                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4808                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21445531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11485765                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2019876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1451501                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2560054                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        539015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       913799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1299603                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       160054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25294156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22734102     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         394096      1.56%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         193898      0.77%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         390880      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         120582      0.48%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         363111      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          55979      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          90087      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         951421      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25294156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068074                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.387094                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21261658                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1102963                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2554808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2022                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       372701                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       185590                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2046                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12806887                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4831                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       372701                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21283118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        752164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       283678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2533148                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        69343                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12786515                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        52424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16712863                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     57892688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     57892688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13482572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3230260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1678                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          164351                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2348550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       364557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3107                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        81151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12720171                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11889161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8197                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2350485                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4835931                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25294156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20084171     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1617805      6.40%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1769923      7.00%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013543      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       520052      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130869      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151178      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3660      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2955      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25294156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19459     57.01%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8117     23.78%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6558     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9297114     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90571      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          822      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2139717     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       360937      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11889161                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.400689                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49114805                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15072377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11581923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11923295                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8989                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490195                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       372701                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        676371                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8698                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12721870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2348550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       172718                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11740152                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2109437                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2470303                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1787215                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           360866                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.395667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11584976                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11581923                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7015000                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        15134498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.390334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463511                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9225325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     10354072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2368326                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       162194                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24921455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21082280     84.59%     84.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1496804      6.01%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       971544      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305280      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513014      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97741      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62350      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56057      0.22%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336385      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24921455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9225325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     10354072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2213529                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1858355                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1591230                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9039420                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       126477                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       336385                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37307429                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25817801                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                485671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               4377649                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9225325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            10354072                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9225325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.216343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.216343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.310912                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.310912                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       54627730                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      15055074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13658833                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               29670213                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2183132                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1791253                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901935                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         851766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         222873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20824362                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12402041                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2183132                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1074639                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2725508                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        612812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1946251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1284495                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214351                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25889419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23163911     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         292654      1.13%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         340691      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         188264      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         218368      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         119093      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          81859      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         211811      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1272768      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25889419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417996                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20657912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2116458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2703443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        20548                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       391056                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       353215                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15135234                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11446                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       391056                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20689599                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        710421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1314819                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2693041                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        90481                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15125135                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        23922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        41558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21018437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     70412927                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     70412927                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17912710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3105668                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3861                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          245893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       785005                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20621                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       173301                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15097886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3864                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14254223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19975                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1904676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4426617                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25889419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19880949     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2418965      9.34%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1296124      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       899990      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       785674      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       401993      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96114      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63185      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46425      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25889419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3664     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13193     42.99%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13833     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11932645     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222609      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1744      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1318162      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       779063      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14254223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480422                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30690                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54448530                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17006594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14016860                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14284913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35885                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258996                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16791                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          557                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       391056                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        663970                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15566                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15101776                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       785005                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10832                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124767                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       246134                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14043713                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1238260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2017089                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1965025                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           778829                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473327                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14017209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14016860                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8332464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21824326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10519537                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12906501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2195480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       216614                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25498363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20223561     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2447495      9.60%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1024825      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       614702      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427387      1.68%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275447      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143130      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114841      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226975      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25498363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10519537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12906501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1955344                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1187149                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1847194                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11635801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       262660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       226975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           40373304                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30595112                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                320597                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3780794                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10519537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12906501                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10519537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.820487                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.820487                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.354549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.354549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63346635                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19455566                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14126119                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3510                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               29671804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2021332                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1809844                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334817                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118255                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21459410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11497382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2021332                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1453072                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2563169                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        539038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       877117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1300489                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     25274535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22711366     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         394590      1.56%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         194402      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         391096      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         120735      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         363811      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          56019      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          89993      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         952523      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     25274535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.387485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21276078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1065715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2557922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2050                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       185490                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2048                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12821721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4822                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       21297527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        710308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       288118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2536258                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        69554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12801260                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        52531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16731630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     57963255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     57963255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     13499088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3232532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          165051                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2350455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       365413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3156                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        81824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12734025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11903386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7885                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2351512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4838490                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25274535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20059282     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1618716      6.40%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771021      7.01%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015638      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       520604      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131874      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       150805      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3662      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2933      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25274535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19314     56.78%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8147     23.95%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6557     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9307582     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90755      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2142542     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361684      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11903386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.401168                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34018                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49123210                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15087255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11595205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11937404                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        634523                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8490                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12735712                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2350455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4226                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       172776                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11753477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2111237                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2472871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1788600                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           361634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.396116                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11598425                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11595205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7023423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        15159847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.390782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9235578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     10366384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2369852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       162142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24901769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21057269     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1499233      6.02%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972395      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305903      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513939      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98181      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62290      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56221      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336338      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24901769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9235578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     10366384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2215725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1859920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1593073                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9050409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       126715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       336338                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37301628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25845528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                486440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4397269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9235578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            10366384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9235578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.212772                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.212772                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.311258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.311258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       54690103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      15071816                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13672739                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2572620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2142144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235577                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         938376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10949                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22378276                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             14115500                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2572620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1215131                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2940617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        657298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2040035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1391408                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27783010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24842393     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         179925      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         225206      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         362034      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         151922      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         194946      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         227508      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         105317      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1493759      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27783010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22251230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2184440                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2926608                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1439                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       391199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     17255685                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22274250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         71509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2049536                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2905005                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        63410                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     17149263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        44128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     23949971                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     79746322                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     79746322                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     20006907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3943049                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4115                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          222907                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1608436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       839322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9275                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       189731                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16743525                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4128                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        16052473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2054355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4196564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27783010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20983776     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3098982     11.15%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1267724      4.56%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       711679      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       962753      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297780      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291491      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156452      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12373      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27783010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110644     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15180     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14343     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13522273     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219401      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1984      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472215      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       836600      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     16052473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541001                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60045049                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18802113                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15631880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     16192640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11746                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308137                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12897                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         54783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16747659                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1608436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138818                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132724                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       271542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15771480                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       280993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2283480                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2228963                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           836469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.531531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15631970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15631880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         9366184                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        25167480                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.526826                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372154                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11639464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     14342492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2405221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       237362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27363717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21292662     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3076729     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1117589      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556104      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509366      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213816      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211597      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100685      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285169      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27363717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11639464                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     14342492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2126724                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1300299                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          2078711                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12913094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       296177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       285169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           43826183                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          33914746                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                341542                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1888795                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11639464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            14342492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11639464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.549242                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.549242                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392274                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392274                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       70961037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      21844175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15955529                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2017677                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1806070                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162871                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366753                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1332867                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117635                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4738                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21410818                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11470496                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2017677                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1450502                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2556283                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        537373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       926366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1297391                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159548                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25267113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       22710830     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         394197      1.56%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         192737      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         390139      1.54%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         119971      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         363419      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          55968      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          90072      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         949780      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25267113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068000                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.386579                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       21227278                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1115180                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2551005                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2072                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       371574                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       185762                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2047                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12788212                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4828                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       371574                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       21248760                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        748679                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       299138                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2529308                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        69650                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12767868                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        52408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     16686241                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     57801180                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     57801180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     13462249                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3223954                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1664                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          164961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2344668                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       363800                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        81930                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12700033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1669                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        11872346                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2344965                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4815738                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25267113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20064595     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1613722      6.39%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1768906      7.00%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013389      4.01%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       518732      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130412      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       150790      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3619      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2948      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25267113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19448     57.03%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8112     23.79%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6543     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9283659     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90410      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          820      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2137266     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       360191      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     11872346                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.400122                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34103                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49053965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15046705                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11565631                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     11906449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9107                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       487969                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9413                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       371574                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        672920                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8569                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12701715                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2344668                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       363800                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          843                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4306                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          262                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62476                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       172308                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11723133                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2106859                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2466989                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1785081                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           360130                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.395093                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             11568773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            11565631                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7005642                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        15109875                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.389785                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.463647                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9213028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     10339258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2362966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1655                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       161677                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24895539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21062108     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1494898      6.00%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       969491      3.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       304830      1.22%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       512461      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97600      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62076      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56012      0.22%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336063      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24895539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9213028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     10339258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2211080                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1856696                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1589051                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9026164                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       126194                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       336063                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37261661                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25776339                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                485269                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               4404692                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9213028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            10339258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9213028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.220635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.220635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.310498                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.310498                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       54548851                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      15032030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13641232                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1652                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2184348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792690                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901930                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         852620                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223095                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9592                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20869738                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12407895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2184348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1075715                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2729216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        612977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1886709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1287084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214918                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     25878535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23149319     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         294394      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         343158      1.33%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         187523      0.72%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         218625      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         119406      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          81430      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         209803      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1274877      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     25878535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073617                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.418171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20702047                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2058130                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2707079                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        20651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       390626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       352856                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15142636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        11536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       390626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20734380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        681317                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1285415                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2696081                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        90714                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15132369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        23498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        41992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21030993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     70451534                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     70451534                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17944890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3086086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3935                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          246132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447052                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       785143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       172163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15103988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3942                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14265683                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19235                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1890086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4396299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          419                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25878535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19861977     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2424562      9.37%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299370      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       898846      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       785965      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       401481      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96425      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63244      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46665      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25878535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3549     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13022     42.73%     54.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13901     45.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11943407     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222863      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1318664      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       779001      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14265683                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480782                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30472                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002136                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54459608                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16998186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14028821                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14296155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35861                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       257776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15538                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          556                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       390626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        628355                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15227                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15107954                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447052                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       785143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10609                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          173                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124936                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       246378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14054706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1239048                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2017773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1967052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           778725                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14029108                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14028821                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8341123                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        21842095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381883                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10538486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12929676                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2178425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3523                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       217203                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25487909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20203442     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2452081      9.62%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026375      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615918      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428538      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275807      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143620      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114840      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227288      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25487909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10538486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12929676                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1958874                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1189272                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1850484                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11656704                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       263124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       227288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           40368657                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30606865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                321302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3793270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10538486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12929676                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10538486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.815566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.815566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355168                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355168                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       63401867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19474914                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14133101                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2031990                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1832914                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       107933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       792618                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724798                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4805                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21541726                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12766457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2031990                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       836504                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2524495                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        340780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2767242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1237145                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     27064966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       24540471     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          89883      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184519      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          77874      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         418800      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         374461      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          72131      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         150642      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1156185      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     27064966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21322897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2989061                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2515151                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       229921                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       178796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14966926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1504                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       229921                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21351229                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2772532                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       119362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2497664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        94255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14957802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           60                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        48420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        31158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          785                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17565972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     70438492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     70438492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15548320                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2017645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1747                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          890                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          219861                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3527143                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1783039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        86771                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14927023                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14334959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8368                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1175031                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2833756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27064966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21918058     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1569235      5.80%     86.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1273989      4.71%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       549107      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686376      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650509      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369939      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29282      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18471      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27064966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36108     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275454     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8054      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8993223     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125236      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          857      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3437351     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1778292     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14334959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.483117                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022296                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56062868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16104206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14212312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14654575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25807                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       139991                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          403                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12172                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1265                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       229921                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2700614                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27376                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14928795                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3527143                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1783039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          889                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          403                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64003                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       126012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14235302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3426106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99657                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5204225                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1865511                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1778119                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.479759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14212800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14212312                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7677866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        15153109                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.478984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506686                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11540504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13561559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1368943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       110088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26835045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21899085     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1814830      6.76%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846863      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832533      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230369      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953256      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72126      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52972      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133011      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26835045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11540504                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13561559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5158019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3387152                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1790594                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12059571                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       131258                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       133011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           41632497                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30090948                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                463983                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2606839                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11540504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13561559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11540504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.571101                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.571101                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.388938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.388938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       70371261                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16506737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      17817068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               29671804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2021473                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1809483                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162937                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1370982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4741                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21452806                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11493230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2021473                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1452953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2561464                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        537632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       908085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1299677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159656                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     25296187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       22734723     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         394535      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         193400      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         390857      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         120537      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         363816      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          56391      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          90025      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         951903      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     25296187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.387345                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21269235                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1096923                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2556234                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2042                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       371749                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       185986                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2058                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12815511                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4900                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       371749                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21290602                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        736286                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       293397                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2534619                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        69530                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12795548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        52303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     16725079                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     57930260                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     57930260                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     13498222                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3226847                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          848                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          164770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2347602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       365331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3175                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        82077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12727896                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11899430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2346717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4820829                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25296187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20081135     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1619462      6.40%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771704      7.00%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015791      4.02%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519246      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130481      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151744      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3658      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2966      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25296187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19456     57.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8113     23.77%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6564     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9305468     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90759      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2140716     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361664      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11899430                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.401035                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34133                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49137180                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15076327                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11592671                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11933563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9125                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       487909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9532                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       371749                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        660311                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12729589                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2347602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4294                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          264                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       172529                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11750549                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2110395                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148881                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2471998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1788740                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           361603                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.396017                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11595861                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11592671                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7021154                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        15150170                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.390697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463437                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9234837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10365643                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2364450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       161736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24924438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21079644     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1499986      6.02%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972562      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305810      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513449      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97975      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62212      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56240      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336560      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24924438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9234837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10365643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2215491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1859692                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1592957                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9049778                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       126712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       336560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37317932                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25832229                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                485772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4375617                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9234837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10365643                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9234837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.213030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.213030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.311233                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.311233                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       54674984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      15069006                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13668107                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2027703                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1828997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       107905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       780332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         723439                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4762                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21492941                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12732578                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2027703                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       834885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2519051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        339935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2785257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1234714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108151                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27026598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24507547     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          90054      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         183649      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          77709      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         418197      1.55%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         374462      1.39%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          71370      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         150534      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1153076      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27026598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.429114                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21267924                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      3011956                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2509551                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         8062                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       229102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       178497                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14932193                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       229102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21296695                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2784078                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       129514                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2491988                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        95218                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14923070                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           80                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        48766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        31459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1049                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17522211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     70276163                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     70276163                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15511604                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2010597                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1746                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          222631                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3522176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1778876                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        86237                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14891581                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14303541                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8655                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1170139                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2816661                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27026598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21887937     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1568228      5.80%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1274037      4.71%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       546290      2.02%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       684434      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649228      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       368951      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29157      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18336      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27026598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36023     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275043     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8032      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8973836     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       124712      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          855      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3429951     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1774187     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14303541                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.482058                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319098                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022309                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     55961433                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16063876                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14179949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14622639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       142933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          404                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1258                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       229102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2711390                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27490                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14893353                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3522176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1778876                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16818                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          404                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       125961                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14203539                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3418835                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5192816                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1861293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1773981                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.478688                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14180438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14179949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7662965                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        15135095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.477893                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506304                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11513383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13529679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1365343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       110055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26797496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21871529     81.62%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1813310      6.77%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845080      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       829835      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       229639      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       949760      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72257      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52882      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133204      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26797496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11513383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13529679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5145973                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3379243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1786378                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12031224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       130947                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       133204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           41559275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30019174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                463043                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2645207                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11513383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13529679                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11513383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.577158                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.577158                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.388024                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.388024                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       70213317                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16468304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17771500                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2026339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1813223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1371399                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1336563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4843                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21494633                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11518306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2026339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1454960                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2566658                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        538622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       889748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1302121                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25325462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22758804     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         395707      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         193620      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         391199      1.54%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         120695      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         364050      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          56043      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          90604      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         954740      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25325462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068292                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.388190                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21311574                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1078097                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2561444                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2001                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       372342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       186919                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2056                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12844577                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4849                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       372342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       21332971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        732091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       278816                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2539717                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        69521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12824052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        52441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16762954                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     58057685                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     58057685                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     13533702                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3229227                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1682                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          165204                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2351648                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       366557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3122                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        81874                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12756027                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1688                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        11925607                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8051                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2348368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4825721                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25325462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20099095     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1623623      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1774464      7.01%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1016982      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       522065      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131077      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151576      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3631      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2949      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25325462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19559     57.04%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8144     23.75%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6586     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9327163     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        91105      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2143642     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       362871      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     11925607                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.401917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49219016                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15106124                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11618771                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     11959896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9548                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       372342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        656546                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12757729                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2351648                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       366557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4338                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          249                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109815                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62798                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       172613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11776451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2113853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2476675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1793196                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           362822                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.396890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11622078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11618771                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7036322                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        15181663                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.391576                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.463475                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9257268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     10391835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2366402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1668                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       162134                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24953120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21098883     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1503508      6.03%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974623      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       307096      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       514661      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98201      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62298      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56444      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       337406      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24953120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9257268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     10391835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2220283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1863274                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1596816                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9073031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       127135                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       337406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37373912                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25889112                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                486582                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               4346343                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9257268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            10391835                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9257268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.205244                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.205244                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.311989                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.311989                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       54792851                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15104162                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13697618                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2024496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1812240                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163590                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1370089                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1336663                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118558                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4828                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21499628                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11512792                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2024496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1455221                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2566443                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        539554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       894744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1302628                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       160231                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     25335916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22769473     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         394991      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         194384      0.77%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         391567      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         120956      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         364132      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          56219      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          90283      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         953911      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     25335916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068230                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.388004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       21315147                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1084560                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2561178                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2006                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       373021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       186163                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2055                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12839783                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4851                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       373021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       21336719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        743656                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       273541                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2539297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        69678                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12819426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        52524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     16755244                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     58042479                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     58042479                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     13523212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3232006                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          165014                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2352837                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       366273                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3133                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        82457                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12752221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1674                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        11920915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2351807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4838540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25335916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20110387     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1624224      6.41%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1774511      7.00%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1016046      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       521717      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131046      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151426      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3595      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2964      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25335916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19471     56.95%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8139     23.81%     80.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6579     19.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9322127     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90983      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          825      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2144458     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       362522      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     11920915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.401759                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34189                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49219925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15105742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11613050                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     11955104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8681                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9603                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       373021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        667568                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12753910                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2352837                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       366273                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          260                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110325                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62664                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       172989                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11771586                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2113865                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2476326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1791455                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           362461                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.396726                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11616287                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11613050                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7033577                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        15180127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.391383                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.463341                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9250627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     10384179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2370221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1663                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       162391                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24962895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21110180     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1503504      6.02%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974089      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       307060      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       514177      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98427      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62348      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56494      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336616      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24962895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9250627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     10384179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2218888                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1862218                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1595707                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9066247                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       127025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       336616                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37380640                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25882142                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                486884                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               4335889                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9250627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            10384179                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9250627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.207545                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.207545                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.311765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.311765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       54771624                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      15096003                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13691035                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1660                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2016907                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1805873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162918                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1365872                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1332576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117782                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4749                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21418797                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11471041                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2016907                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1450358                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2556751                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        537737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       886368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1297750                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     25235871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       22679120     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         394146      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         193161      0.77%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         390319      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         119839      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         363346      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          56063      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          89969      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         949908      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     25235871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067974                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.386597                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       21235141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1075331                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2551544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       371885                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       185171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2045                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12789347                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4835                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       371885                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       21256631                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        725656                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       282409                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2529725                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        69561                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12768921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        52580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     16687987                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     57810186                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     57810186                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     13462608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3225353                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1666                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          164477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2345660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       364004                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3192                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        81874                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12701950                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1672                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11873789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8139                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2346695                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4823769                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25235871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20032418     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1614839      6.40%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1768741      7.01%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1012945      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       518846      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130830      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       150628      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3661      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2963      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25235871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19462     57.05%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8109     23.77%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6543     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9284011     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90426      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          820      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2138285     18.01%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       360247      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11873789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.400171                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49025702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15050365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11566370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11907903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488940                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9606                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       371885                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        649625                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12703639                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1092                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2345660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364004                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4316                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          259                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62419                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       172247                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11724405                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2107418                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2467609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1784537                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           360191                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.395136                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11569523                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11566370                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7006247                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        15113275                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.389810                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463582                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9213228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10339502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2364631                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1656                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       161728                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24863986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21030065     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1495081      6.01%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       969642      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305049      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       512599      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97666      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        61899      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56010      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       335975      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24863986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9213228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10339502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2211112                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1856718                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1589092                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9026375                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       126196                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       335975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37232105                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25780463                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                485383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4435934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9213228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10339502                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9213228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.220566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.220566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.310504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.310504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       54555246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      15033288                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13641861                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2573988                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2143262                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         938914                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276916                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10955                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22390416                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             14122759                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2573988                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1215830                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2942175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        657625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2025727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1392157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225291                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     27784176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       24842001     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         180007      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         225346      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         362233      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         152014      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         195053      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         227643      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         105374      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1494505      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     27784176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.475966                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22264898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2170182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2928156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1440                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       419499                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       391415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     17264672                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       419499                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22287930                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         71507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2035248                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2906545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        63439                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     17158198                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        44151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     23962215                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     79787837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     79787837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     20017225                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3944942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4117                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          222990                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1609329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       839783                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       189833                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16752261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4129                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        16060884                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16917                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2055348                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4198612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27784176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20981452     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3100559     11.16%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268372      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       711960      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       963337      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297946      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291611      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156555      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12384      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27784176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110712     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15195     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14351     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13529292     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219516      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1985      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1473035      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837056      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     16060884                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.541284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140258                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60063119                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18811843                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15640063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     16201142                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11747                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308308                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12905                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       419499                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         54784                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16756396                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1609329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839783                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138905                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132782                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       271687                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15779749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447811                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2284735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2230169                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           836924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.531810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15640153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15640063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         9370991                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        25180371                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.527102                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11645492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14350013                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2406388                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       237483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27364677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21290457     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3078315     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118194      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556406      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509604      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213930      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211702      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100738      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285331      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27364677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11645492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14350013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2127875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1301009                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          2079835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12919878                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       296351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       285331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           43835669                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          33932377                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                341722                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1887629                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11645492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14350013                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11645492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.547922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.547922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       70998200                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      21855374                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15963798                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3350                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.561345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         123678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        22.911819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.728573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   929.261371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1086.436602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.453741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.530487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4013                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3350                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3096382584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3150680132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104468127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3158765675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104468127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3158765675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935180.484446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941907.363827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936208.723462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942915.126866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936208.723462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942915.126866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2805649815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856962163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813296358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864608706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813296358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864608706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847372.339172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854099.301345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848400.590470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855107.076418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848400.590470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855107.076418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2022                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.514855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         180279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        44.294595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.735375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.574996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   854.603504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1122.600980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.417287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.548145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3845                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3846                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2019                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66458884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1683900400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1750359284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2437714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66458884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1686338114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1752796998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66458884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1686338114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1752796998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1846080.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850025.441696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867803.313832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1218857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1218857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1846080.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850397.435199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 868151.063893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1846080.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850397.435199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 868151.063893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63297299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1509935309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1573232608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2262114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63297299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1512197423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575494722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63297299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1512197423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575494722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758258.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 762208.636547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779986.419435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1131057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758258.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 762580.646999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780334.186231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1758258.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 762580.646999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780334.186231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3361                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.613663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         123720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        22.872989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.155841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.858092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   931.461078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1084.138652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.454815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.529365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            872                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 872                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4047                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3328                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3362                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66739005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3028812604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3095551609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7199988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7199988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66739005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3036012592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     3102751597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     66739005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3036012592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    3102751597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              7394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          872                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             872                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               7409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              7409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.451556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.451315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.451315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1962911.911765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 911469.336142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922118.441763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1439997.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1439997.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1962911.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 912263.399038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922888.636823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1962911.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 912263.399038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922888.636823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63753805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2737141004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2800894809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6760988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6760988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63753805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2743901992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2807655797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63753805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2743901992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2807655797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.451556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.451315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.451315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1875111.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 823695.758050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834344.596068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1352197.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1352197.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1875111.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 824489.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835114.752231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1875111.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 824489.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835114.752231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2133                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.794044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         121238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        28.997369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.733638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    17.828447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   934.372902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1065.859056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.008705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.456237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.520439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3764                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3765                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2133                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54645653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692514464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1747160117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54645653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692514464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1747160117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54645653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692514464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1747160117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1884332.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804427.026616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819109.290670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1884332.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804427.026616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819109.290670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1884332.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804427.026616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819109.290670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52099453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507747783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559847236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52099453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507747783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559847236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52099453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507747783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559847236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1796532.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716610.163023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731292.656353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1796532.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716610.163023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731292.656353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1796532.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716610.163023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731292.656353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.551960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         180263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        44.214619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.784995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.598392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   854.181791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1122.986781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.417081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.548333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3834                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3835                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68787898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1720295763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1789083661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2437685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68787898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1722733448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1791521346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68787898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1722733448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1791521346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1910774.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 864904.858220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883498.104198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1218842.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218842.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1910774.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 865260.395781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883828.981746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1910774.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 865260.395781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883828.981746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65626271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545713855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611340126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2262085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65626271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1547975940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613602211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65626271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1547975940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613602211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1822951.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 777131.148819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795723.519012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1131042.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1131042.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1822951.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 777486.659970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796054.371485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1822951.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 777486.659970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796054.371485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2138                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.790932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         121243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        28.963927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.739997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.378713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   933.550942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1066.121279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.455835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.520567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3770                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3771                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2138                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1720237022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1720237022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1720237022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          978                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.460200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         182324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        60.252479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.460200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.724957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   456.862368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1523.412675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.014026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.223077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.743854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3188                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3190                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 978                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94453475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813044698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     907498173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94453475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813044698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      907498173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94453475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813044698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     907498173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              4151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               4168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              4168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.229405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2778043.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861276.163136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927912.242331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2778043.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861276.163136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927912.242331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2778043.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861276.163136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927912.242331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91468275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730138282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821606557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91468275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730138282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    821606557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91468275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730138282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    821606557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.229405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2690243.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773451.569915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840088.504090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2690243.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773451.569915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840088.504090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2690243.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773451.569915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840088.504090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         2140                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.814962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         121245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        28.950573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.740808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.631219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   933.331579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1066.111357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.009097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.455728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.520562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            671                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 671                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3773                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3774                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 2140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2108                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                2140                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61002636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1698255930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1759258566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61002636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1698255930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1759258566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61002636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1698255930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1759258566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          671                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             671                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1906332.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 805624.255218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822083.442056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1906332.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 805624.255218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822083.442056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1906332.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 805624.255218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822083.442056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            2140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           2140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58192943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1513135728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1571328671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58192943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1513135728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1571328671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58192943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1513135728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1571328671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1818529.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717806.322581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734265.734112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1818529.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717806.322581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734265.734112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1818529.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717806.322581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734265.734112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         2019                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.483185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         180259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         4067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        44.322351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          48.009134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.181635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   853.109148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1123.183269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.416557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.548429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3831                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3832                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                2013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 2016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                2016                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74534863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1680752334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1755287197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2831225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2831225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74534863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1683583559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1758118422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74534863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1683583559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1758118422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.341274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2070412.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850152.925645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871975.756085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 943741.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943741.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2070412.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850294.726768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 872082.550595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2070412.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850294.726768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 872082.550595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               1139                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    1139                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            2016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           2016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71374063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1507151437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1578525500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2567825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2567825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71374063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1509719262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581093325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71374063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1509719262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581093325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.341274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982612.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762342.659079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784165.673125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 855941.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855941.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982612.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762484.475758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784272.482639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982612.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762484.475758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784272.482639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3582                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.898909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         154591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        27.458437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.054804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.796979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1198.855593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         829.191533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.585379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.404879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4812                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4813                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3582                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79559477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3363472472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3443031949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7952056                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7952056                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79559477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3371424528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3450984005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79559477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3371424528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3450984005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              8386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               8395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              8395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2273127.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 949865.143180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962816.540548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1325342.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1325342.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2273127.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 950500.289822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963423.786991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2273127.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 950500.289822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963423.786991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76476727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3051364283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127841010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7423756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7423756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76476727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3058788039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3135264766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76476727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3058788039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3135264766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185049.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 861723.886755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874675.897651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1237292.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1237292.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185049.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862359.187764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875283.295924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185049.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862359.187764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875283.295924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2137                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.796091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         121254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        28.973477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.740722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    17.910038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   935.019021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1065.126310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.008745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.456552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.520081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3778                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3779                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2137                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59552501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1677003788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1736556289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59552501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1677003788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1736556289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59552501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1677003788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1736556289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985083.366667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 795920.165164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812614.080019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985083.366667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 795920.165164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812614.080019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985083.366667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 795920.165164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812614.080019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                314                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     314                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     56918501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1492009188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548927689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     56918501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1492009188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548927689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     56918501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1492009188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548927689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1897283.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 708120.165164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724814.080019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1897283.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 708120.165164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724814.080019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1897283.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 708120.165164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724814.080019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3581                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.897779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        27.460828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.039147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    15.276985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1197.395572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         830.186075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.007459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.584666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.405364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4798                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4799                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3581                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86092607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3389629346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3475721953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9838980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9838980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86092607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3399468326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3485560933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86092607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3399468326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3485560933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              8371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               8380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              8380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2459788.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957522.414124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 972229.916923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1639830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1639830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2459788.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 958676.910886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 973348.487294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2459788.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 958676.910886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 973348.487294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     83016652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3078727848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3161744500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9312180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9312180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     83016652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3088040028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3171056680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     83016652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3088040028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3171056680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2371904.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869697.132203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884404.055944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1552030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1552030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2371904.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 870851.671743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885522.669645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2371904.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 870851.671743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885522.669645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2139                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.816233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         121279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        28.965608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.738012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.258415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   936.610865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1063.208942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.008915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.457330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.519145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            676                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 676                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3802                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3803                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68661207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1667278588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1735939795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68661207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1667278588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1735939795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68661207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1667278588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1735939795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.357336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.360526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.359980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.359980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2288706.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 790554.095780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811566.056568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2288706.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 790554.095780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811566.056568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2288706.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 790554.095780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811566.056568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66026483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1482088881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548115364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66026483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1482088881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548115364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66026483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1482088881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548115364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.357336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2200882.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 702744.846373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723756.598410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2200882.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 702744.846373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723756.598410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2200882.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 702744.846373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723756.598410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2133                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.813565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         121267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        29.004305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.740910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.409011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   933.376797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1066.286847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.008989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.455750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.520648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3793                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3794                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2133                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58819794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1656399435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1715219229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58819794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1656399435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1715219229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58819794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1656399435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1715219229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.360426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.359879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.359879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1960659.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787636.440799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804134.659634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1960659.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787636.440799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804134.659634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1960659.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787636.440799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804134.659634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56184429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1471727473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1527911902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56184429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1471727473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1527911902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56184429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1471727473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1527911902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1872814.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699822.859249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716320.629161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1872814.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699822.859249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716320.629161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1872814.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699822.859249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716320.629161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2137                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.819714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         121243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        28.970848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.743560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.870899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   933.131759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1067.073495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.455631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.521032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            671                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 671                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3771                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3772                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2108                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2137                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61014008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1700791093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761805101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61014008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1700791093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1761805101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61014008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1700791093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1761805101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          671                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             671                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2103931.310345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806826.894213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824429.153486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2103931.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806826.894213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824429.153486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2103931.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806826.894213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824429.153486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58467808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1515646134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1574113942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58467808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1515646134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1574113942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58467808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1515646134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1574113942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2016131.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 718997.217268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736599.879270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2016131.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 718997.217268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736599.879270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2016131.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 718997.217268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736599.879270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          979                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.461849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         182325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.232904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.461849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.727966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   457.102387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1523.169648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.014027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.223195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.743735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3189                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3191                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 979                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95989008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    807140232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     903129240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95989008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    807140232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      903129240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95989008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    807140232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     903129240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.229536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2823206.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854116.647619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922501.777324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2823206.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854116.647619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922501.777324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2823206.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854116.647619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922501.777324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93003708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    724151473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817155181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93003708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    724151473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    817155181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93003708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    724151473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    817155181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.229536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2735403.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766297.855026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834683.535240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2735403.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766297.855026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834683.535240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2735403.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766297.855026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834683.535240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.598485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.207619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.598485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21960.845596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.095952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.904048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8585148301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8585148301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660936973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8660936973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660936973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8660936973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 447003.452098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447003.452098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448729.960779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448729.960779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448729.960779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448729.960779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3386951544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3386951544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395799765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395799765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395799765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395799765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463204.532823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463204.532823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463400.622953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463400.622953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463400.622953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463400.622953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              512.447292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              996849224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1920711.414258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.447292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.048794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1286778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1286778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1286778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1286778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1286778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1286778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88547983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88547983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88547983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88547983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88547983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88547983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1286826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1286826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1286826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1286826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1286826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1286826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844749.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1844749.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844749.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1844749.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844749.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1844749.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66841714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66841714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66841714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66841714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66841714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66841714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1806532.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1806532.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1806532.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              157768695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             25931.738166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   226.824530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    29.175470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.886033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.113967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       905184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        905184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       765128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1670312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1670312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1670312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1670312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        20812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        20812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8386354462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8386354462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    472890155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    472890155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8859244617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8859244617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8859244617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8859244617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       925317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       925317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       765807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       765807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1691124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1691124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1691124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1691124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000887                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000887                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 416547.681021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416547.681021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 696450.891016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 696450.891016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 425679.637565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425679.637565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 425679.637565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425679.637565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6526600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       652660                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1952306939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1952306939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3435927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3435927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1955742866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955742866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1955742866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955742866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335967.464980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335967.464980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 202113.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202113.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335577.018874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335577.018874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335577.018874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335577.018874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              520.796414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1001255173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1907152.710476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.796414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.049353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1247124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1247124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1247124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1247124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1247124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1247124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104510018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104510018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104510018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104510018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104510018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104510018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1247178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1247178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1247178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1247178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1247178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1247178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1935370.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1935370.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1935370.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1935370.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1935370.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1935370.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67086537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67086537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67086537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67086537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67086537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67086537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1916758.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916758.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1916758.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916758.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1916758.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916758.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              166556013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             21831.958710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   228.111063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    27.888937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.891059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.108941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       862208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        862208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       712565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       712565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2075                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2075                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1663                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1663                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1574773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1574773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1574773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1574773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8509448332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8509448332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     67184319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67184319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8576632651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8576632651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8576632651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8576632651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       881574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       881574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       712654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       712654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2075                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2075                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1663                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1663                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1594228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1594228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1594228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1594228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 439401.442322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439401.442322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 754879.988764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 754879.988764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 440844.649242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440844.649242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 440844.649242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440844.649242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3321770750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3321770750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7882488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7882488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3329653238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3329653238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3329653238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3329653238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 451388.877565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451388.877565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 525499.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 525499.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 451539.630865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451539.630865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 451539.630865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451539.630865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              552.945563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              915118106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1642940.944345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.885010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.060553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1299559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1299559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75300208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75300208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75300208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75300208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75300208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75300208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1711368.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1711368.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1711368.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1711368.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1711368.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1711368.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54969285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54969285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54969285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54969285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54969285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54969285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1832309.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832309.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1832309.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832309.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1832309.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832309.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5868                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              204390047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33375.252613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.650845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.349155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.721292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.278708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1932532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       353459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       353459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2285991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2285991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2285991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2285991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9594418214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9594418214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3162080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3162080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9597580294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9597580294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9597580294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9597580294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1953404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       353496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2306900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2306900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2306900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2306900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459678.910215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459678.910215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85461.621622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85461.621622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459016.705438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459016.705438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459016.705438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459016.705438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956174750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956174750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956751650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956751650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956751650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956751650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333875.192012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333875.192012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333461.426380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333461.426380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333461.426380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333461.426380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              512.424379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              996846893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1920706.922929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.424379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.048757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1284447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1284447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1284447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1284447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1284447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1284447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93301296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93301296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93301296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93301296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93301296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93301296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1284495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1284495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1284495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1284495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1284495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1284495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1943777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1943777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1943777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1943777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1943777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1943777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69172162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69172162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69172162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69172162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69172162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69172162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1869517.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869517.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1869517.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869517.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1869517.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869517.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              157766082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             25948.368750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.815349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.184651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.885997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.114003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       903941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        903941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       763761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       763761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1667702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1667702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1667702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1667702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8361915251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8361915251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    505354375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    505354375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8867269626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8867269626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8867269626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8867269626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       924050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       764440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       764440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1688490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1688490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1688490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1688490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 415829.491820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 415829.491820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 744262.702504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 744262.702504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 426557.130364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426557.130364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 426557.130364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426557.130364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6507329                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 650732.900000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1987997671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1987997671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3435210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3435210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1991432881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991432881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1991432881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991432881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 342286.100379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342286.100379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 202071.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202071.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341876.889442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341876.889442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341876.889442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341876.889442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              553.456500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              915118993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1639998.195341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.395238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.061262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.043903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1300446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1300446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              204392161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             33321.186991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   185.708288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    70.291712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.725423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.274577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1934022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1934022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       354089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2288111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2288111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2288111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2288111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9433880914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9433880914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3147193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3147193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9437028107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9437028107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9437028107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9437028107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1954853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1954853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       354126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2308979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2308979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2308979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2308979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452877.006097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452877.006097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85059.270270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85059.270270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934135315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934135315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934712215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934712215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934712215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934712215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329551.084512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329551.084512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              486.952219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998753878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2034121.951120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.952219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1391358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1391358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1391358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147329288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147329288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147329288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147329288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147329288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147329288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3069360.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3069360.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3069360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3069360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3069360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3069360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2072964                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       690988                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94883443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94883443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94883443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94883443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94883443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94883443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2635651.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2635651.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2635651.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2635651.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2635651.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2635651.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148298315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             33796.334321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   218.552492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    37.447508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.853721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.146279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1108604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       822285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1930889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1930889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1930889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1930889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        10741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        10741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2447294509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2447294509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7200888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7200888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2454495397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2454495397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2454495397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2454495397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1119241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       822389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1941630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1941630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1941630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1941630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 230073.752844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230073.752844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69239.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69239.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 228516.469323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228516.469323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 228516.469323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228516.469323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1027667191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027667191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1200694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1200694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1028867885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028867885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1028867885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028867885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 249736.862940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249736.862940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 70629.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70629.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 248999.972168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248999.972168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 248999.972168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248999.972168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              554.596114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              915115889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1634135.516071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.535259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.060855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.045730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1297342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1297342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1297342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1297342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1297342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1297342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84000094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84000094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84000094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84000094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     84000094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84000094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1297391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1297391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1297391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1297391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1297391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1297391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1714287.632653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1714287.632653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1714287.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1714287.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1714287.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1714287.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61352961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61352961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61352961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61352961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61352961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61352961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1859180.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859180.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1859180.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859180.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1859180.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859180.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5881                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              204386746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33304.015969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   185.535027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    70.464973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.724746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.275254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1930029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1930029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       352674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       352674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2282703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2282703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2282703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2282703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        20904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        20904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9635183953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9635183953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3165856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3165856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9638349809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9638349809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9638349809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9638349809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1950896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1950896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       352711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       352711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2303607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2303607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2303607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2303607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 461742.653616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461742.653616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 85563.675676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85563.675676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 461076.818264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 461076.818264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 461076.818264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 461076.818264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1962598466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1962598466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1963175366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1963175366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1963175366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1963175366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 334229.983992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334229.983992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 333816.590036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333816.590036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 333816.590036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333816.590036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              512.684321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              996849480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1920711.907514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.684321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1287034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1287034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1287034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1287034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1287034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1287034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100867939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100867939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100867939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100867939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100867939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100867939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1287084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1287084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1287084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1287084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1287084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1287084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2017358.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2017358.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74900386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74900386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74900386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74900386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74900386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74900386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2024334.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024334.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              157767954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             26004.277897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.836926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.163074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.886082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.113918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       904362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        904362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       765155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1669517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1669517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1669517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1669517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        20646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        20646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8273182902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8273182902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    494881515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    494881515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8768064417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8768064417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8768064417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8768064417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       924325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       765838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       765838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1690163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1690163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1690163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1690163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 414425.832891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414425.832891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 724570.300146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 724570.300146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 424685.867335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424685.867335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 424685.867335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424685.867335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6477173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 647717.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14835                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14835                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1948216093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1948216093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3817625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3817625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1952033718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1952033718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1952033718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1952033718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336305.211980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336305.211980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 212090.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212090.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335920.447083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335920.447083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335920.447083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335920.447083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              569.499326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1026178418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1772328.873921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    27.344479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.154847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.043821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1237092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1237092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1237092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1237092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1237092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1237092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    109474257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109474257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    109474257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109474257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    109474257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109474257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1237143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1237143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1237143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2146554.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2146554.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       570389                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 285194.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79915761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79915761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79915761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79915761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79915761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79915761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2219882.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2219882.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              404541367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             46957.790714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.142319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.857681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.434150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.565850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3232506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3232506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1769080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1769080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5001586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        5001586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5001586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       5001586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        30361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        30361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14141574239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14141574239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27647563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27647563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14169221802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14169221802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14169221802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14169221802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3262837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3262837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1769110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1769110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5031947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5031947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5031947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5031947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 466241.608882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466241.608882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 921585.433333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921585.433333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 466691.538553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466691.538553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 466691.538553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466691.538553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        21981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3721556793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3721556793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8194841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8194841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3729751634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3729751634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3729751634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3729751634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 445695.424311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445695.424311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 910537.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 910537.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446195.912669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446195.912669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446195.912669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446195.912669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              554.152823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              915118179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1639996.736559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.242578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.910245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.045261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1299632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1299632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1299632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1299632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1299632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81345609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81345609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81345609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81345609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81345609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81345609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1299677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1299677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1299677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1807680.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1807680.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1807680.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1807680.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1807680.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1807680.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59878790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59878790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59878790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59878790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59878790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59878790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1931573.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1931573.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1931573.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1931573.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1931573.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1931573.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              204391075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33283.028008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   185.405451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    70.594549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.724240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.275760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1932942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       354083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2287025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2287025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2287025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2287025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        20948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        20948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9546008260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9546008260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3198565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3198565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9549206825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9549206825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9549206825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9549206825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1953853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       354120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2307973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2307973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456506.540099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456506.540099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86447.702703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86447.702703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 455852.913166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455852.913166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 455852.913166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455852.913166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15063                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15063                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1941564171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1941564171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       592141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       592141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1942156312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1942156312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1942156312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1942156312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330422.765657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330422.765657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65793.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65793.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330018.064911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330018.064911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330018.064911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330018.064911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              569.430885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1026175982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1772324.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.019801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.411084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.044904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1234656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1234656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1234656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116934466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116934466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116934466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116934466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116934466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116934466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1234714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1234714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1234714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2016111.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2016111.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2016111.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2016111.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2016111.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2016111.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86451136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86451136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86451136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86451136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86451136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86451136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2401420.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2401420.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2401420.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2401420.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2401420.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2401420.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              404529637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             47038.329884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.126681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.873319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3224913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3224913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1764947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1764947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4989860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4989860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4989860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4989860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        30399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        30399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14307563182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14307563182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35201424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35201424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14342764606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14342764606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14342764606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14342764606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3255282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3255282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1764977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1764977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5020259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5020259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5020259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5020259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 471123.948171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471123.948171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1173380.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1173380.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 471816.987598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 471816.987598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 471816.987598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 471816.987598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3746723670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3746723670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10081250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10081250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3756804920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3756804920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3756804920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3756804920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449516.937013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449516.937013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1120138.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1120138.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450240.282838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450240.282838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450240.282838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450240.282838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              554.672246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              915120623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1640001.116487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.611375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.060871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.045852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1302076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1302076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1302076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1302076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1302076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91271565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91271565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91271565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91271565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91271565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91271565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1302121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1302121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1302121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2028257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2028257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2028257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68976483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68976483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68976483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68976483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68976483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68976483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225047.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2225047.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2225047.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              204395177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             33143.372304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   185.527805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    70.472195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.724718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.275282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1935833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1935833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       355286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       355286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2291119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2291119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2291119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2291119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9433157765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9433157765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3157205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3157205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9436314970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9436314970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9436314970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9436314970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1956745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1956745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       355323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       355323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2312068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2312068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2312068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2312068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 451088.263437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451088.263437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85329.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85329.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 450442.263115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450442.263115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 450442.263115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450442.263115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1933641351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1933641351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1934218251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934218251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1934218251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934218251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327624.762962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327624.762962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327223.524108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327223.524108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327223.524108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327223.524108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              554.304216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              915121128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1640002.021505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.243497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.060718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.045262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1302581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1302581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1302581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1302581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1302581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80961458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80961458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80961458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80961458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80961458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80961458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1302628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1302628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1302628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1722584.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1722584.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1722584.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1722584.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1722584.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1722584.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59152398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59152398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59152398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59152398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59152398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59152398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1908141.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908141.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1908141.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908141.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1908141.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908141.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              204395542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33224.242848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   185.417251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    70.582749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.724286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.275714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1936540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1936540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       354951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          830                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          830                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2291491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2291491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2291491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2291491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        20906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        20906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9433768728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9433768728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3075464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3075464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9436844192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9436844192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9436844192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9436844192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1957409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1957409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       354988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2312397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2312397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2312397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2312397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 452046.994489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452046.994489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83120.648649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83120.648649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 451394.058739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451394.058739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 451394.058739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451394.058739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1921884500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1921884500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1922461400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1922461400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1922461400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1922461400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 326462.459657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326462.459657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 326061.974220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326061.974220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 326061.974220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326061.974220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              554.138411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              915116253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1642937.617594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.076910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.061501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.044995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1297706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1297706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1297706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1297706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1297706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1297706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82725683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82725683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82725683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82725683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82725683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82725683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1297750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1297750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1297750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1297750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1297750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1297750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1880129.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1880129.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1880129.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1880129.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1880129.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1880129.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61332138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61332138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61332138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61332138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61332138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61332138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2044404.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2044404.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2044404.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2044404.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2044404.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2044404.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5879                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              204387509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             33314.997392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   185.489576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    70.510424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.724569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.275431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1930780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1930780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       352683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       352683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2283463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2283463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2283463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2283463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9594624248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9594624248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3166736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3166736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9597790984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9597790984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9597790984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9597790984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1951571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1951571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       352720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       352720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2304291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2304291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2304291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2304291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 461479.690635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461479.690635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85587.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85587.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 460811.935087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460811.935087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 460811.935087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460811.935087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1964918205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1964918205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1965495105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1965495105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1965495105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1965495105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 334739.046848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334739.046848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 334324.732948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334324.732948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 334324.732948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334324.732948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              486.957948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998754627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2034123.476578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.957948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1392107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1392107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1392107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1392107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1392107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149082115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149082115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149082115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149082115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149082115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149082115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1392155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1392155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1392155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3105877.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3105877.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3105877.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3105877.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3105877.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3105877.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2727820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 909273.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96403950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96403950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96403950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96403950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96403950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96403950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2677887.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2677887.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2677887.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2677887.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2677887.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2677887.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148299387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33781.181549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   218.587808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    37.412192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.853859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.146141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1109235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       822725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1931960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1931960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        10746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        10746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2445372669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2445372669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7234728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7234728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2452607397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2452607397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2452607397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2452607397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1119877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1942706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1942706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 229785.065683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229785.065683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69564.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69564.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228234.449749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228234.449749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228234.449749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228234.449749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1021848953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1021848953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1204710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1204710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1023053663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023053663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1023053663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023053663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 248202.320379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248202.320379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70865.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70865.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 247473.067973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247473.067973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 247473.067973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247473.067973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
