
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12021489921                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               577319921748                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 409727                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   519246                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 284892                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42196.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17289128268                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21910486909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       266112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       268928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       171392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       200832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       201984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       262400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       274560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       262784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       484608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       488064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       475264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       158336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       405504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       266624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       475648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       204544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4939648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1407872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1407872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 38591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       298133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22136358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       372666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22370605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       362018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14257135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       436552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16706082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       447199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16801911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       308780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21827577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       383314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22839099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       340723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21859520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       383314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     40311809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       372666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     40599294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       393961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39534534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       383314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13171080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       362018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33731593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       362018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22178948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39566477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       425904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17014863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               410901480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       298133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       372666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       362018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       436552                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       447199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       308780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       383314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       340723                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       383314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       372666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       393961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       383314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       362018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       362018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       425904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5994598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         117112938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              117112938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         117112938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       298133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22136358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       372666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22370605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       362018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14257135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       436552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16706082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       447199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16801911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       308780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21827577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       383314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22839099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       340723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21859520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       383314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     40311809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       372666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     40599294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       393961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39534534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       383314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13171080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       362018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33731593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       362018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22178948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       362018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39566477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       425904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17014863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              528014418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2184222                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1954105                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1463865                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435255                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5268                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23133435                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12414244                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2184222                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563561                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2768231                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       343536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400626                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171662                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     26645938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       23877707     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         425714      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210931      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420711      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         131204      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         389822      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60580      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96737      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032532      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     26645938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075766                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430624                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22852489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       630088                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2252                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398496                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       203024                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13859838                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5122                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398496                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22884409                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        371164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       162554                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2733326                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        95985                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13839257                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        77117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18114399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62678574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62678574                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646429                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3467943                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1831                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          207358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398569                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3496                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90831                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13766152                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1838                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12876509                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8491                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5164719                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26645938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20996650     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1766749      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1906067      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103910      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       559917      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140131      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165308      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3923      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3283      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26645938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21255     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8693     23.42%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7167     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083431     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99406      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297737     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395034      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12876509                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.446659                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37115                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52444560                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16281191                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12547169                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12913624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10261                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398496                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        246397                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11693                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13768006                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398569                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          930                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          245                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117805                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67948                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12714050                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2660415                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934395                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.441023                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12550071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12547169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7599784                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16453902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.435235                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461883                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2532098                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173943                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26247442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22072881     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633038      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056520      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330794      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555610      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105614      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67666      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61073      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364246      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26247442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391264                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           39651700                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27935923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                516377                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2182576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.882851                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.882851                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346879                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346879                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59130142                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16327775                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14755268                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2333733                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1914187                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       959828                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         913401                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239150                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10276                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22410849                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13277869                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2333733                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1152551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2924126                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        654937                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       758280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1383052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231529                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26511693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23587567     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         316959      1.20%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         370162      1.40%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         201650      0.76%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         231611      0.87%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         127085      0.48%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          87297      0.33%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         224428      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1364934      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26511693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.080952                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460581                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22227852                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       944885                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2900241                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        22623                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       416088                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       378063                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2350                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16210269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        12075                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       416088                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22263029                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        227375                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       620587                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2889068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        95542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16200621                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        22224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        45972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22533796                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75443603                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75443603                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19266382                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3267402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4222                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2345                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          261153                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1542704                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       841651                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22235                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       185180                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16174434                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4235                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15299253                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1991559                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4595004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          452                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26511693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20059218     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2599257      9.80%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1395268      5.26%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       965710      3.64%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       840825      3.17%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428262      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104845      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67814      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50494      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26511693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3615     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13930     42.93%     54.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14904     45.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12812614     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239275      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1409764      9.21%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       835724      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15299253                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530699                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32449                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002121                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57160496                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18170406                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15045948                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15331702                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38498                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          181                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16261                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       416088                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        177177                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13931                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16178696                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1542704                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       841651                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2346                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9844                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          181                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129613                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       265358                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15070964                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1325138                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2160620                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2110429                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           835482                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15046192                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15045948                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8947108                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23427195                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521912                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381911                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11312770                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13879691                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2299051                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3783                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       234031                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26095605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20425610     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2628967     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102269      4.22%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660679      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459738      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296311      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154564      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123478      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243989      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26095605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11312770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13879691                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2101605                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1276215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1986766                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12512766                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       282381                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       243989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           42030280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32773604                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                345570                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2316821                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11312770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13879691                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11312770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.548316                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.548316                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392416                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392416                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       67987412                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20895028                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15126918                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3778                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2609650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2173217                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238950                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1001516                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         953025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         279945                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11162                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22686545                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             14312293                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2609650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1232970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2982778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        665021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       794979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1410576                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26888206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23905428     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         183139      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         231611      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         366832      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         153126      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         198056      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         229826      0.85%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         104883      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1515305      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26888206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090523                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496463                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22552356                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       942171                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2968564                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1460                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       423650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       396630                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          254                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     17489032                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       423650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22575830                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         73252                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       804636                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2946566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        64262                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     17380445                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        44643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     24280368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     80816038                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     80816038                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     20290423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3989942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4216                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          228486                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1625584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       849841                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9696                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       190153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16962757                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4230                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        16269609                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16059                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2067958                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4205691                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          174                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26888206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19996557     74.37%     74.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3142225     11.69%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1285130      4.78%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720102      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976487      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       299736      1.11%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296236      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159090      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12643      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26888206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112157     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14888     10.51%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14547     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13708198     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222103      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2012      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1490410      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       846886      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     16269609                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.564358                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            141592                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008703                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59585075                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19035042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15843992                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     16411201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11957                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306752                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           99                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11773                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       423650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         56029                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7117                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16966991                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1625584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       849841                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6207                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           99                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140322                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134592                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       274914                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15984106                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1466307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       285503                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2313095                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2260354                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           846788                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.554455                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15844096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15843992                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         9493129                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        25492061                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.549594                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372396                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11804177                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     14545649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2421434                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4056                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       240799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26464556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20308779     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3119634     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1131627      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       564989      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516085      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217610      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214607      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102038      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289187      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26464556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11804177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     14545649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2156899                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1318831                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          2108391                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        13095816                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       300362                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       289187                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           43142374                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          34357834                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                345856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1940308                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11804177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            14545649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11804177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.442230                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.442230                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.409462                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.409462                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       71922544                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      22144483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      16176955                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         4052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2377942                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1946100                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234268                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       981898                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         935354                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         245196                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10648                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22887099                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13295384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2377942                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1180550                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2775489                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        640018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       527200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1402211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26592526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23817037     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         130058      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         205818      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         277678      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         286013      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         241619      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         136434      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         201003      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1296866      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26592526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082486                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461189                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22656679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       759830                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2770512                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         3052                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       402452                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       390883                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16313213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       402452                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22718872                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        151274                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       467366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2712025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       140534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16306880                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        18709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        61461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     22755884                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     75860494                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     75860494                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     19698336                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3057530                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3981                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2044                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          421148                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1527593                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       825916                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       242036                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16284742                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3995                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15454982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2240                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1818228                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4366018                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26592526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20017105     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2731735     10.27%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1375430      5.17%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015250      3.82%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       800159      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326699      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204677      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       107324      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14147      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26592526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3083     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9554     37.06%     49.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13140     50.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12997919     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       230981      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1935      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1400953      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823194      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15454982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25777                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57530506                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18107043                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15220691                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15480759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31037                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248150                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12081                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       402452                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        119972                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13426                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16288764                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7053                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1527593                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       825916                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2045                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135989                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       267693                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15239870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2140337                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2165222                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           823132                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528639                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15220820                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15220691                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8738648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        23546024                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11482898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14129145                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2159629                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3904                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       236984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26190074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20363307     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2902512     11.08%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1083301      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516496      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       454253      1.73%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251029      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       207856      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99310      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       312010      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26190074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11482898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14129145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2093275                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1279440                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          2037482                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12730058                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       290907                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       312010                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           42166760                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          32980028                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                348395                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2235988                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11482898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14129145                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11482898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.510561                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.510561                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398317                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398317                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       68587620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      21207037                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15120847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2379800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1947581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       979263                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934837                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244689                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22876247                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             13304437                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2379800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1179526                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2776993                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        640880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       528467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1401750                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234327                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26585438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23808445     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         129765      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         205179      0.77%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         278353      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         286463      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         242535      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         134705      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         200768      0.76%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1299225      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26585438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082550                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461503                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22646526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       760473                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2771797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         3201                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       403440                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       391263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          268                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     16326487                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1561                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       403440                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22708716                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        151846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       467460                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2713431                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       140542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     16319500                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        18899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        61370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     22772198                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     75917331                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     75917331                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     19696157                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3075966                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3961                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2025                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          421072                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1530133                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       826310                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       193251                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16296224                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15458495                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2241                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1832094                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4404879                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26585438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20046974     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2684921     10.10%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1363386      5.13%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1029217      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       807396      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327440      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204613      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       107239      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14252      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26585438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3053     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9965     38.02%     49.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13191     50.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13000918     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231069      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1935      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1400848      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823725      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15458495                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26209                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57530870                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18132362                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15224085                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     15484704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31296                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250830                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12555                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       403440                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        120522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13493                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16300228                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1530133                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826310                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2026                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135463                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132474                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       267937                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15243620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317578                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       214867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2141230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2166181                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           823652                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528769                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15224223                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15224085                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8741918                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        23557944                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528091                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371082                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11481636                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14127591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2172602                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3903                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       236856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26181998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20387028     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2872772     10.97%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1085329      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516320      1.97%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       435515      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       249138      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       220539      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        98639      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       316718      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26181998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11481636                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14127591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2093052                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1279299                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2037267                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12728655                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       290876                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       316718                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           42165395                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          33003894                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                348581                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2243076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11481636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14127591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11481636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.510837                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.510837                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398274                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398274                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       68598719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      21210754                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15130463                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3898                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2184415                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1954145                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460397                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435092                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128204                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5222                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23140560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12416223                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2184415                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1563296                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2768913                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        576943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       341648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1400761                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171591                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26651932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23883019     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         426055      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         211153      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         420396      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         130937      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         389902      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          60575      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          96727      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1033168      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26651932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430692                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22852578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       635290                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2763282                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       398568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       203182                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13863672                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         5121                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       398568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22885261                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        375505                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       161650                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2733429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        97515                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13843055                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        10355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        78917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18117104                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     62697690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     62697690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     14649362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3467719                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          209306                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519198                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       398915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3384                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        90444                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13770439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12880305                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8442                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2515273                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5165100                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26651932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21000426     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1768924      6.64%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1904847      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104517      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560593      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140443      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165013      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3881      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3288      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26651932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21205     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8665     23.38%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7184     19.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10087465     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99397      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297252     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395289      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12880305                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.446790                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37054                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52458037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16287589                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12550778                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12917359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9935                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516037                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       398568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        246939                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11862                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13772288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519198                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          256                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117692                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68095                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       185787                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12717185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2660326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1934764                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           395250                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.441132                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12553679                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12550778                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7602347                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        16461531                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.435360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.461825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11238638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2534203                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       173917                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26253364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22078073     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633400      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056412      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331079      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555663      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105776      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67441      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61161      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364359      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26253364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10001747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11238638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2391612                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             2003161                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1726280                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9814661                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       138231                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       364359                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           39661807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27944605                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                515732                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2176582                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10001747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11238638                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10001747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.882348                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.882348                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.346939                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.346939                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59144816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16331483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14757612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2338097                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1916196                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231901                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       956975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911531                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239922                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10276                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22395589                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13308982                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2338097                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1151453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2928121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        656422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       746942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1381731                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230348                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26491562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23563441     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         318294      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         367366      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         201738      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         230502      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         127190      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          87133      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         226109      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1369789      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26491562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461660                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22211727                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       934380                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2903686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        23197                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       418568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       380418                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2342                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16252041                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        12076                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       418568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22247216                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        241904                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       594435                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2892725                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        96710                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16242646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        22545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        46464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22584069                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75636998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75636998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19276130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3307928                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4194                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2315                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          263568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1549312                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       844510                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22384                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       187453                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16216861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4206                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15330644                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20045                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2023743                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4668959                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          419                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26491562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20034875     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2593125      9.79%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1397158      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       968316      3.66%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       844148      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       430516      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105461      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67387      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50576      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26491562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3648     11.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14534     43.84%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14968     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12835482     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239744      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1414914      9.23%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838627      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15330644                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531788                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33150                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57206044                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18244982                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15073609                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15363794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38539                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       272471                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           75                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          176                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18698                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       418568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        189866                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14210                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16221092                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1549312                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       844510                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2315                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10185                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          176                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133813                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130399                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       264212                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15100945                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328503                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2166862                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2113429                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           838359                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523820                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15073825                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15073609                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8959255                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        23472962                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522872                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381684                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11318508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13886616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2334533                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       233062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26072994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20401996     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2629039     10.08%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102865      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660272      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459499      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296203      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154625      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123690      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244805      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26072994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11318508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13886616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2102653                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1276841                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1987704                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12519024                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       282507                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       244805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           42049260                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32860892                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                345102                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2336952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11318508                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13886616                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11318508                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.547024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.547024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392615                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392615                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       68112773                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20928001                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15161819                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2184816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1954415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434938                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128042                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5191                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23134212                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12415619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2184816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1562980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2768704                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        576671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       343398                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1400606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171634                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26646891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23878187     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         426357      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         211181      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         420562      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         130414      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         389908      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          60319      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          96735      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1033228      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26646891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075787                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430671                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22852533                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       630655                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2763107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       398332                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       203385                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13861970                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         5143                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       398332                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22884550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        373933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       160313                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2733739                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        96020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13841394                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           38                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        10556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        77221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18116390                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     62686539                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     62686539                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14650085                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3466271                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1836                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          207785                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518861                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       398618                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        90408                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13768479                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1840                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12878429                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8595                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513161                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5162334                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26646891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20996551     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767010      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1906401      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103674      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561060      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140184      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164894      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3865      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3252      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26646891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21310     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8678     23.34%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7191     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10085809     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99464      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297050     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395204      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12878429                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.446725                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37179                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002887                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52449517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16283525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12549664                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12915608                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10054                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515634                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10125                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       398332                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        248684                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11747                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13770334                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518861                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398618                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          247                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117419                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68116                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       185535                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12715868                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264898                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162555                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2660058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1935051                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           395160                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.441086                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12552473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12549664                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7600964                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        16454830                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.435321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.461929                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10002163                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11239181                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       173875                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26248559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22073478     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633350      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056211      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330691      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556029      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105640      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67559      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61142      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364459      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26248559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10002163                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11239181                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2391720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             2003227                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1726351                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9815159                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       138244                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       364459                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39654920                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27940408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                516171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2181623                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10002163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11239181                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10002163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.882228                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.882228                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.346954                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.346954                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59136852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16330318                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14756903                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2241371                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2022282                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847032                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799081                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5357                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23738696                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             14094766                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2241371                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       922676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2786331                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        375206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       579220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1364628                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       120029                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     27356917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       24570586     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          98782      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         203104      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          85548      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         463579      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         411959      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          79145      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         167128      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1277086      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     27356917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.488918                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       23604659                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       714995                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2775999                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         8837                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       252422                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       196782                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16527108                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1495                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       252422                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       23629551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        516482                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       122223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2761621                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        74613                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16517174                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        31291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        27346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          467                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19397962                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     77789483                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     77789483                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17178564                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2219398                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1924                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          977                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          190783                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3895807                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1969110                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18026                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        96083                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16482562                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1931                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15841584                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8551                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1283671                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3079533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27356917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21730912     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1681760      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1384470      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597239      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       757989      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734115      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417046      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32728      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20658      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27356917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40005     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312467     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9042      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9940367     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138187      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          947      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3797529     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964554     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15841584                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.549511                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361514                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022821                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59410150                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17768578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15704512                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     16203098                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28402                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152919                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          416                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12319                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       252422                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        474960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16484505                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3895807                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969110                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          977                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14147                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          416                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68890                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71064                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       139954                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15729328                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3784409                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            5748778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2060973                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1964369                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.545617                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15705097                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15704512                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8481922                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        16710659                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.544756                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507576                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12752031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14985081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1501033                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       121988                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27104495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376579                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21671983     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1981659      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       929726      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919857      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249454      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069845      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80109      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58192      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143670      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27104495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     12752031                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14985081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              5699679                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3742888                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1979165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13324854                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       145056                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       143670                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43446900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          33224685                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                522075                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1471597                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          12752031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14985081                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     12752031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.260700                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.260700                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.442341                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.442341                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       77756005                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18242084                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      19674538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2242448                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023248                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       849032                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         798611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123636                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5307                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23732646                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             14098500                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2242448                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       922247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2786220                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        375425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       585547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1364100                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119745                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     27357528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       24571308     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          98495      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         203340      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          85289      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         463009      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         411915      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          78945      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         167252      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1277975      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     27357528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489047                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       23596929                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       722993                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2775965                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         8772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       252864                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       196880                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     16530850                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       252864                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       23621968                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        524155                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       122484                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2761360                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        74692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     16520715                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        31266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        27533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          310                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19404436                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     77803416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     77803416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17178568                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2225851                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1928                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          191388                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3896173                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1969197                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18020                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        96341                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         16486322                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1935                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15842061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8522                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1288740                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3094943                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27357528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21732750     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1679869      6.14%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1384702      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597675      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       757995      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733640      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417401      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32791      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20705      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27357528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40006     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312362     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9045      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9940337     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138312      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          947      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3797864     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964601     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15842061                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.549527                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361413                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022814                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59411581                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17777413                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15704655                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     16203474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28302                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153285                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          418                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12403                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1399                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       252864                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        482312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20966                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16488270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3896173                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969197                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          981                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          418                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68469                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71358                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       139827                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15729477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3784721                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5749152                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2061381                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1964431                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.545622                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             15705292                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            15704655                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8481670                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        16707703                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.544761                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507650                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12752035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     14985085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1504806                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       121755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27104664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21672361     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1981209      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       929810      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920151      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249123      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070058      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80212      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58171      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143569      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27104664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     12752035                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     14985085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5699679                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3742888                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1979166                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        13324858                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       145057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       143569                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           43450947                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          33232695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                521776                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1470986                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          12752035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            14985085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     12752035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.260699                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.260699                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.442341                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.442341                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       77755694                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18243160                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      19678698                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2243874                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119609                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857797                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799785                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123765                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5296                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23751556                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             14108048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2243874                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       923550                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2788696                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        375789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       580216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1365248                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       120015                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27373710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24585014     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          98671      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         203739      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          85552      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         463541      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         412016      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          79249      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         167599      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1278329      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27373710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077835                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       23617235                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       716257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2778410                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         8814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       252989                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       197248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     16542249                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       252989                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       23642187                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        517736                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       122133                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2763894                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        74766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     16532471                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        31330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        27343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          440                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19418876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     77859401                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     77859401                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17193264                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2225606                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1924                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          975                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          191066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3897296                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1970033                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17994                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        95881                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16498169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1930                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15853655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8590                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1290199                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3095278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27373710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21743499     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682242      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1386357      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       598385      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758167      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733868      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417494      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33012      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20686      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27373710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40238     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312426     86.37%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9051      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9949646     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138583      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3799040     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965438     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15853655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.549930                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361715                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59451325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17790706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15716514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     16215370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28579                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          410                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12565                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       252989                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        476063                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20790                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16500110                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3897296                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1970033                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          976                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14209                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          410                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68684                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71230                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       139914                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15741452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785940                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5751196                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2062749                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1965256                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546038                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15717118                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15716514                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8488188                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        16726219                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545173                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507478                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12760832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14995923                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1505988                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       122001                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27120721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21684218     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1983179      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930644      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920317      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249853      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070059      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80283      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58244      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143924      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27120721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     12760832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14995923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5701458                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3743995                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1980769                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        13334598                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       145288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       143924                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           43478669                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          33256860                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                522146                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1454804                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          12760832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14995923                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     12760832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.259141                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.259141                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.442646                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.442646                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       77811552                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18258033                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      19689931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2612547                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2174934                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238878                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1000799                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         953764                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280411                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11090                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22709646                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             14329285                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2612547                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1234175                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2985670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        664913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       784593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1411786                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228343                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     26903770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23918100     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         183121      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         230880      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         367460      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         153252      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         197992      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         230316      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         105857      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1516792      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     26903770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.497053                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22575728                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       931499                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2971482                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1450                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       423606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       397767                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          255                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     17511255                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1439                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       423606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22599242                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         73239                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       793994                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2949464                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        64215                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     17402567                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        44662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     24308137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     80919533                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     80919533                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     20318080                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3990057                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          228925                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1628037                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       851741                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9718                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       191212                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16987202                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4213                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        16292982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16779                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2070665                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4216308                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          153                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26903770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20002768     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3145642     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1287792      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720588      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       977621      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300942      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296709      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159120      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12588      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26903770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112678     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15005     10.55%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14561     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13726340     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222516      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2015      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1493354      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848757      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     16292982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565169                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142244                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59648757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19062176                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15867191                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     16435226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11982                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307391                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           99                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       423606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         56174                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7096                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16991422                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1628037                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851741                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           99                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140184                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134572                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       274756                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16008341                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1468936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2317567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2263856                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           848631                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15867319                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15867191                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         9505770                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        25529533                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550399                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372344                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11820305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14565560                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2425946                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       240730                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26480164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20316375     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3123475     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1133302      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565601      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       517070      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217515      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214781      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102223      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289822      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26480164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11820305                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14565560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2159879                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1320646                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              2026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2111281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        13113724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       300768                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       289822                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43181770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          34406638                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                345884                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1924744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11820305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14565560                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11820305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.438898                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.438898                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410021                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410021                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       72029546                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      22172994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      16196969                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         4056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2333326                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1908136                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230866                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       986077                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         921130                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239744                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10234                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22684178                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             13234940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2333326                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1160874                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2773415                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        667395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       402416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1396600                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       232508                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26291523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23518108     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         149725      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         237644      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         376957      1.43%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         156852      0.60%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         176826      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         186275      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         123187      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1365949      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26291523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.080938                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459092                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22478096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       610500                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2764645                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7064                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       431216                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       382429                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     16162625                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1637                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       431216                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22511515                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        199996                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       312666                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2738842                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        97286                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     16152571                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        27627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        36666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4418                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     22420466                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     75134687                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     75134687                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     19137003                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3283463                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         4073                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2222                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          295814                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1542778                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       828059                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       188124                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         16129471                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4085                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        15269622                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2047514                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4535804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26291523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19852360     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2584839      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1413391      5.38%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963668      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       899687      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260154      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201648      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68617      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47159      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26291523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3560     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10916     38.50%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13875     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12791403     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240684      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1849      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412625      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823061      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     15269622                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.529671                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28351                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56878347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18181273                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15021919                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     15297973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        45791                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279765                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          209                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          984                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       431216                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        135059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13581                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16133583                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1137                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1542778                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828059                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2222                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9918                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          209                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134600                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131524                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       266124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15051456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1329066                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       218166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2151712                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2117041                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           822646                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522103                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             15022170                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            15021919                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8783105                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22946079                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521079                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382771                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11240682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13778173                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2355455                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       235484                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25860307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20264206     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2711193     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055928      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       567276      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425945      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237715      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146124      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       131163      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       320757      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25860307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11240682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13778173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2065754                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1263013                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1977721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        12415226                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       279890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       320757                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           41673100                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          32698507                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                368107                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2536991                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11240682                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13778173                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11240682                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.564659                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.564659                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.389915                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.389915                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       67877954                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      20824047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15074655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3726                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2343943                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232545                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       958059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         912922                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239961                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10307                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22398514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13325553                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2343943                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1152883                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2930968                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        659723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       743639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1381959                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     26496725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23565757     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         317204      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         368235      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         202081      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         231161      0.87%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         127091      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          87260      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         227457      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1370479      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     26496725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081306                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462235                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22218497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       927495                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2906300                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        23175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       421254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       379872                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2350                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16270419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11886                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       421254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22253834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        288390                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       540936                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2895397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        96910                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16260043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        23405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        46010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     22609548                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     75707584                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     75707584                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     19274783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3334752                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2286                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          264116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1553798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       843542                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22438                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       187052                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16233110                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4180                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15334899                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2039841                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4726290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          393                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26496725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20037062     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2595745      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1396048      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       969949      3.66%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       844214      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       430633      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104890      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67622      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50562      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26496725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3813     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14642     43.94%     55.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14865     44.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12838251     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239725      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1417270      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837776      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15334899                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531935                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33320                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57220965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18277308                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15076706                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15368219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38728                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277041                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          179                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17782                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       421254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        235215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15302                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16237316                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1553798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       843542                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2289                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          179                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       265144                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15105115                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330368                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2167924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2114155                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           837556                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523964                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15077044                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15076706                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8963068                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        23478537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381756                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11317734                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13885661                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2351882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       233652                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26075471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20403061     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2630267     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1103592      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660472      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459146      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296095      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154700      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123569      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244569      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26075471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11317734                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13885661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2102512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1276755                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1987582                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12518150                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       282485                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       244569                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           42068367                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          32896372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                345276                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2331789                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11317734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13885661                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11317734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.547198                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.547198                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392588                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392588                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       68129898                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      20934656                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15178493                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2244239                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024615                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119612                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851081                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799415                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123701                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5302                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23747759                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             14109988                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2244239                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       923116                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2788971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        376701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       579414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1365132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119978                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     27370268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       24581297     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          98987      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         203390      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          85526      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         463518      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         411952      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          79507      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         167465      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1278626      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     27370268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.489446                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       23613127                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       715828                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2778538                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         8891                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       253879                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       197238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     16544170                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1477                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       253879                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       23638272                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        515605                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       123396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2763863                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        75248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     16533849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        31459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        27582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          422                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19421125                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     77864848                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     77864848                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17186037                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2235083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1928                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          192634                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3897850                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1969880                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18058                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        95712                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         16498942                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1934                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15853546                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8786                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1293589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3102289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27370268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21740339     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682802      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385780      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597338      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758357      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734306      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417863      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32830      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20653      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27370268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40217     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312389     86.37%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9062      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9949692     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138398      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3799355     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965153     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15853546                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.549926                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361668                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022813                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59447814                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17794878                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15715662                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     16215214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28532                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       154438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          415                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12747                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       253879                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        473826                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20898                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16500896                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3897850                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969880                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14266                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          415                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71506                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       139948                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15741017                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785998                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            5750933                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2062488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1964935                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.546022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             15716259                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            15715662                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8488443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        16726262                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.545143                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507492                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12756386                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     14990534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1512050                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       122029                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27116389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21681885     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1982504      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930250      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919968      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249557      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069950      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80216      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58120      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143939      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27116389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     12756386                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     14990534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              5700542                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3743409                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1979965                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        13329775                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       145180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       143939                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           43474995                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          33259087                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                522071                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1458246                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          12756386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            14990534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     12756386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.259928                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.259928                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.442492                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.442492                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       77809009                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18258141                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      19691278                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28828514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2378641                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1946800                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234320                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977387                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934265                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244581                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10608                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22872564                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13297992                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2378641                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1178846                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2775107                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        641233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       526051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1401629                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234518                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26577635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23802528     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         129708      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         205177      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         277597      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         286504      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         241449      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         135537      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         200360      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1298775      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26577635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082510                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461279                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22641819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       759082                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2769960                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         3147                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       403626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       390902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16317316                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       403626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22704274                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        150623                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       466818                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2711270                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       141021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16310408                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        18810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        61679                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     22759340                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     75873255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     75873255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     19685264                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3074054                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3969                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2035                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          422676                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1529218                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       825620                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9752                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       246534                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16287833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3983                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15451833                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2228                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1830147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4395176                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26577635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20001534     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2732996     10.28%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1376922      5.18%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013894      3.81%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       799369      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326969      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204848      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106922      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14181      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26577635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3090     11.81%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9947     38.01%     49.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13134     50.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12996142     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       230848      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1934      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1399950      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       822959      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15451833                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.535991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26171                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57509696                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18122037                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15217046                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15478004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31933                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250608                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12305                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       403626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        119126                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13527                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16291844                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1529218                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       825620                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2035                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11527                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135589                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       268233                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15236394                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1316748                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2139644                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2165139                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           822896                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.528518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15217173                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15217046                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8737718                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        23548207                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.527847                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11475311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14119869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2171982                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3900                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       237030                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26174009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20348598     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2903951     11.09%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1082086      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       514898      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456153      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250039      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       207478      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99071      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       311735      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26174009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11475311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14119869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2091925                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1278610                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1946                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          2036179                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12721683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       290722                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       311735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           42154047                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          32987357                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                348547                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2250879                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11475311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14119869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11475311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.512221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.512221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       68566852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      21201017                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15122781                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3896                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          38607                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.789128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1638187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          71362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          22.956013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           262.874126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.885095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   840.885917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.239207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   858.017009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.249846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   568.140786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    20.640652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   653.452295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.364572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   658.684694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    16.337946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   855.119868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.040745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   888.706541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.805972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   845.256004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.352161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1578.479368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.266403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1588.875060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.473167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1536.005844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.921366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   532.798772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.438018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1290.814827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    17.897132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   858.850000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.677384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1555.322317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.167023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   670.937439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1055.284760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1047.754230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           706.551988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           841.852806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           842.862437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1054.836791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1032.985699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1075.446369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1151.709852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1129.278430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1225.891336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           756.357011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1308.705463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1120.093135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1234.436447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           822.764817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.025662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.026185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.017338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.019942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.020101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.027121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.025795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.048171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.048489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.046875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.016260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.039393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.026210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.047465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.020475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.032205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.031975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.021562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.025691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.025722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.032191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.031524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.032820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.035147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.034463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.037411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.023082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.039939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.034183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.037672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.025109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   65294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            20486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 20486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   221                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    65515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3983                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2864                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2975                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3983                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3977                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3975                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2989                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4999                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4069                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2943                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   65515                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 38587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  38591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1578                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2050                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3786                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3813                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3713                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1598                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 38591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4564762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    341183486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5637371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    350547175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5583800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    223865565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6598413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    258655156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6813697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    261006059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4393730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    337595920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5885287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359842047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4823224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    339155849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5688505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    621327295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6366077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    625933788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6447409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    612746778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5697737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    205673235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5470802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    529442415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5475495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    346219776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5469403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    611038571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6933334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    265500707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6381582868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       160554                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       134007                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       142273                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       165922                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        602756                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4564762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    341344040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5637371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    350547175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5583800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    223865565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6598413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    258655156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6813697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    261006059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4393730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    337595920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5885287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359842047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4823224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    339155849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5688505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    621327295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6366077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    626067795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6447409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    612889051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5697737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    205673235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5470802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    529442415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5475495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    346219776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5469403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    611204493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6933334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    265500707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6382185624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4564762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    341344040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5637371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    350547175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5583800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    223865565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6598413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    258655156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6813697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    261006059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4393730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    337595920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5885287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359842047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4823224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    339155849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5688505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    621327295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6366077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    626067795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6447409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    612889051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5697737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    205673235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5470802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    529442415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5475495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    346219776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5469403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    611204493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6933334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    265500707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6382185624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              103881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             20486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               104106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              104106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.340305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.341087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.339583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.371454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.017778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.344891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.318582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.387903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.370689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.344891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.318582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.387903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.370689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163027.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164188.395573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161067.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166847.774869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164229.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167188.622106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160936.902439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164853.509242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162230.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165403.079214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151507.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164680.936585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163480.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167758.530070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150725.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165200.121286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158014.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164111.805335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181887.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164200.888772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174254.297297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165071.869073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158270.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166267.772838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160905.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167121.974432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161043.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166212.086414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160864.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164478.753970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173333.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166145.623905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165381.679529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       160554                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       134007                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       142273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       165922                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       150689                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163027.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164186.647427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161067.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166847.774869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164229.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167188.622106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160936.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164853.509242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162230.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165403.079214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151507.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164680.936585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163480.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167758.530070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150725.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165200.121286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158014.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164111.805335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181887.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164192.970102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174254.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165065.728791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158270.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166267.772838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160905.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167121.974432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161043.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166212.086414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160864.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164479.142357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173333.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166145.623905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165380.156617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163027.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164186.647427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161067.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166847.774869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164229.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167188.622106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160936.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164853.509242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162230.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165403.079214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151507.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164680.936585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163480.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167758.530070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150725.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165200.121286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158014.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164111.805335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181887.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164192.970102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174254.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165065.728791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158270.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166267.772838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160905.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167121.974432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161043.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166212.086414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160864.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164479.142357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173333.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166145.623905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165380.156617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10999                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10999                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            38587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             38591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            38591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2938136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    220149651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3598554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    228204466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3605417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    145896404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4214555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    167324978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4371294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    169153391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2707474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    218201882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3789300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    234910997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2962549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    219581366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3591101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    401027463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4333464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    404185941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4296289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    396663812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3601497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133657063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3490813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    344962507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3496316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    224966517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3493215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    394852150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4607313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    172455146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4135291021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       102585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        75817                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        83818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       107210                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       369430                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2938136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    220252236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3598554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    228204466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3605417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    145896404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4214555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    167324978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4371294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    169153391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2707474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    218201882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3789300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    234910997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2962549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    219581366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3591101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    401027463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4333464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    404261758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4296289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    396747630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3601497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133657063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3490813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    344962507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3496316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    224966517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3493215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    394959360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4607313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    172455146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4135660451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2938136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    220252236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3598554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    228204466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3605417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    145896404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4214555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    167324978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4371294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    169153391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2707474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    218201882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3789300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    234910997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2962549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    219581366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3591101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    401027463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4333464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    404261758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4296289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    396747630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3601497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133657063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3490813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    344962507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3496316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    224966517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3493215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    394959360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4607313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    172455146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4135660451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.340305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.341087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.388759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.339583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.371454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.344891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.318582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.387903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.370689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.344891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.318582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.413692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.387903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.370689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104933.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105943.046679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102815.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108617.070919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106041.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108959.226288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102794.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106644.345443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104078.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107194.797845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93361.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106439.942439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105258.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109515.616317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92579.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106956.339990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99752.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105923.788431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 123813.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106029.890084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 116115.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106859.863147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100041.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108049.363783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102670.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108889.680240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 102832.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108001.208353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102741.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106285.908479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 115182.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107919.365457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107167.984580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       102585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        75817                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        83818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       107210                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92357.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104933.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105941.431457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102815.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108617.070919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106041.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108959.226288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102794.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106644.345443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104078.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107194.797845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93361.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106439.942439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105258.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109515.616317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92579.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106956.339990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99752.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105923.788431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 123813.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106021.966431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 116115.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106853.657420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100041.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108049.363783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102670.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108889.680240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 102832.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108001.208353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102741.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106286.157158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 115182.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107919.365457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107166.449457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104933.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105941.431457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102815.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108617.070919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106041.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108959.226288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102794.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106644.345443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104078.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107194.797845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93361.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106439.942439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 105258.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109515.616317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92579.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106956.339990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99752.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105923.788431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 123813.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106021.966431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 116115.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106853.657420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100041.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108049.363783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102670.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108889.680240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 102832.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108001.208353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102741.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106286.157158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 115182.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107919.365457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107166.449457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.542724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801138.235612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.373438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.169286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.040663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5976660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5976660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5976660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5976660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5976660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5976660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166018.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166018.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166018.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166018.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166018.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166018.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5062031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5062031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5062031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5062031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5062031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5062031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174552.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174552.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174552.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174552.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174552.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174552.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6028                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221205903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35201.448600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.446028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.553972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.720492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.279508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2073641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        20876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        20876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2368752018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2368752018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4693512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4693512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2373445530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2373445530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2373445530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2373445530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2094472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113712.832701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113712.832701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104300.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104300.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113692.543112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113692.543112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113692.543112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113692.543112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    628159711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628159711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       699539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       699539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    628859250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    628859250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    628859250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    628859250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104362.802957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104362.802957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 77726.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77726.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104323.034174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104323.034174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104323.034174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104323.034174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              511.434540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1076050834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2077318.212355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.434540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1383007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1383007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1383007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1383007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1383007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1383007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7424052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7424052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7424052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7424052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7424052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7424052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1383052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1383052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1383052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1383052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1383052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1383052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164978.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164978.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164978.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164978.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164978.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164978.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6207372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6207372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6207372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6207372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6207372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6207372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       172427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       172427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       172427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6084                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              170145172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             26836.777918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.545975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.454025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       967015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       821072                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821072                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1788087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1788087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1788087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1788087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        20968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        20968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2700692099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2700692099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     29842738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29842738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2730534837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2730534837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2730534837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2730534837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       987716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       821339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1809055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1809055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1809055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1809055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.020958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130461.914835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130461.914835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111770.554307                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111770.554307                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130223.904855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130223.904855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130223.904855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130223.904855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    641498684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    641498684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1247629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1247629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    642746313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    642746313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    642746313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    642746313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105753.162545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105753.162545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69312.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69312.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105645.350592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105645.350592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105645.350592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105645.350592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              486.992082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1077534544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2194571.372709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.992082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1410530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1410530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1410530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1410530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1410530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7835911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7835911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7835911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7835911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7835911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7835911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1410576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1410576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1410576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170345.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170345.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170345.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170345.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170345.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170345.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6302594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6302594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6302594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6302594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6302594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6302594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175072.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175072.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175072.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175072.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175072.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175072.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              160312238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35952.509083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   221.105995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    34.894005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.863695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.136305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1122838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1122838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       833890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       833890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1956728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1956728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1956728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1956728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        10877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1191388883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1191388883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6865199                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6865199                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1198254082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1198254082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1198254082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1198254082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1133629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1133629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       833976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       833976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1967605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1967605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1967605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1967605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110405.790288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110405.790288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 79827.895349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79827.895349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110164.023352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110164.023352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110164.023352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110164.023352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    428449189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428449189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1236535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1236535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    429685724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    429685724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    429685724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    429685724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102352.887960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102352.887960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72737.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72737.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102233.101118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102233.101118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102233.101118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102233.101118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              505.896826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1074537694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2074397.092664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.896826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.049514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.810732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1402157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1402157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1402157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1402157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1402157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9547210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9547210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9547210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9547210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9547210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9547210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1402211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1402211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1402211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176800.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176800.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176800.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176800.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176800.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176800.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7806124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7806124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7806124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7806124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7806124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7806124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181537.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181537.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181537.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181537.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181537.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181537.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              163969091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34160.227292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.540478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.459522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.865392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.134608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       964258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       809999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2015                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2015                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1774257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1774257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1774257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1774257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        14643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        14643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1799494777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1799494777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9013502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9013502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1808508279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1808508279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1808508279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1808508279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       978796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       810104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2015                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2015                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1788900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1788900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123778.702504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123778.702504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85842.876190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85842.876190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123506.677525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123506.677525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123506.677525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123506.677525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        10099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    474395934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474395934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1241277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1241277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    475637211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    475637211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    475637211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    475637211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104815.716748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104815.716748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68959.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68959.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104673.681998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104673.681998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104673.681998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104673.681998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.558889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1074537233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2066417.755769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.558889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1401696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1401696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1401696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1401696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1401696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9475389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9475389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9475389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9475389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9475389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9475389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1401750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1401750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1401750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175470.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175470.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175470.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175470.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175470.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175470.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7893897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7893897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7893897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7893897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7893897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7893897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175419.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175419.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175419.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175419.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175419.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175419.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              163969104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34146.002499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   221.536646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.463354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.865378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.134622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       964365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       809916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2005                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2005                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1774281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1774281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1774281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1774281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        14681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        14681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1814075110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1814075110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8851877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8851877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1822926987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1822926987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1822926987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1822926987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       978941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       810021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1788962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1788962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124456.305571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124456.305571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84303.590476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84303.590476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124169.129283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124169.129283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124169.129283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124169.129283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    476955638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476955638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1204717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1204717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    478160355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    478160355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    478160355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    478160355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105334.725707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105334.725707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66928.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66928.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105182.656181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105182.656181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105182.656181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105182.656181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              552.001612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001432992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1797904.833034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.832237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.169375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.041398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1400723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1400723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1400723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1400723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1400723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5788096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5788096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5788096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5788096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5788096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5788096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1400761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1400761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1400761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152318.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152318.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152318.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152318.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152318.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152318.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4799086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4799086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4799086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4799086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4799086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4799086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159969.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159969.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159969.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159969.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159969.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159969.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              221205905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35173.462395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.270421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.729579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.719806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.280194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2073503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       386571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2460074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2460074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2359220079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2359220079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3749172                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3749172                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2362969251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2362969251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2362969251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2362969251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2094255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       386614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2480869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2480869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113686.395480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113686.395480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87190.046512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87190.046512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113631.606203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113631.606203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113631.606203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113631.606203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    627241437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    627241437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       626474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       626474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    627867911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    627867911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    627867911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    627867911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104123.744522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104123.744522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69608.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69608.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104072.254434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104072.254434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104072.254434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104072.254434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              511.860158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1076049511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2073313.123314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.860158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1381684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1381684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1381684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1381684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1381684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7673806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7673806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7673806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7673806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7673806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7673806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1381731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1381731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1381731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163272.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163272.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163272.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163272.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163272.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163272.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6320458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6320458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6320458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6320458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6320458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6320458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170823.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170823.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170823.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170823.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170823.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170823.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6122                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              170148674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             26677.433992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.551252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.448748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       970096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        970096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       821489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1791585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1791585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1791585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1791585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21087                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21087                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2737182941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2737182941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31950189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31950189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2769133130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2769133130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2769133130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2769133130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       990914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       990914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       821758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1812672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1812672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1812672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1812672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131481.551590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131481.551590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118773.936803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118773.936803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131319.444682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131319.444682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131319.444682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131319.444682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            2105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    650723555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    650723555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1221465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1221465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    651945020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    651945020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    651945020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    651945020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106606.086992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106606.086992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67859.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67859.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106492.162692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106492.162692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106492.162692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106492.162692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              552.978609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001432836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1788272.921429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.296193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.682416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.043744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1400567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1400567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1400567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1400567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1400567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6071130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6071130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6071130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6071130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6071130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6071130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1400606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1400606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1400606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       155670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       155670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       155670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       155670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       155670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       155670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5300419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5300419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5300419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5300419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5300419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5300419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160618.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160618.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160618.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160618.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160618.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160618.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6028                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              221205637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35201.406270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   184.442769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    71.557231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.720480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.279520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2073190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       386610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2459800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2459800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        20858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        20858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2372330166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2372330166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4290650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4290650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2376620816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2376620816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2376620816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2376620816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2094003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       386655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2480658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2480658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113983.095469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113983.095469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95347.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95347.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113942.890785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113942.890785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113942.890785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113942.890785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    628000798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628000798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       649900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       649900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    628650698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    628650698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    628650698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    628650698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104336.401063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104336.401063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72211.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72211.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104288.436961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104288.436961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104288.436961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104288.436961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              571.930248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1108891896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1911882.579310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.678866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.251382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1364578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1364578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1364578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1364578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1364578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8574971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8574971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8574971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8574971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8574971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8574971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1364628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1364628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1364628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171499.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171499.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171499.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171499.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171499.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171499.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6573008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6573008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6573008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6573008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6573008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6573008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177648.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177648.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177648.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177648.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177648.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177648.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 9211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              440733612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 9467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             46554.728214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.164129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.835871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.434235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.565765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3571462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3571462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1954832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1954832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5526294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        5526294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5526294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       5526294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        32748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        32748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3995618774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3995618774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2430947                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2430947                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3998049721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3998049721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3998049721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3998049721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3604181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1954861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1954861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5559042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5559042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5559042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5559042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122119.220453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122119.220453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83825.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83825.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122085.309668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122085.309668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122085.309668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122085.309668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1043255406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1043255406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       629477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       629477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1043884883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1043884883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1043884883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1043884883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113372.680504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113372.680504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69941.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69941.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113330.244599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113330.244599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113330.244599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113330.244599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              573.068244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1108891371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1915183.715026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.816477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.251766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1364053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1364053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1364053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1364053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1364053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9053120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9053120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9053120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9053120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9053120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9053120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1364100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1364100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1364100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192619.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192619.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192619.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192619.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192619.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192619.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7460097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7460097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7460097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7460097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7460097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7460097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 207224.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207224.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 207224.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207224.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 207224.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207224.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 9217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              440733983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 9473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             46525.280587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.166883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.833117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.434246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.565754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3571832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3571832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1954833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1954833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5526665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        5526665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5526665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       5526665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        32798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        32798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4012180106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4012180106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2484626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2484626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4014664732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4014664732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4014664732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4014664732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3604602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1954861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1954861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5559463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5559463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5559463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5559463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122434.547025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122434.547025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88736.642857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88736.642857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122405.778767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122405.778767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122405.778767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122405.778767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23581                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23581                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1050319550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050319550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       729787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       729787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1051049337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051049337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1051049337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051049337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114065.980669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114065.980669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81087.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81087.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114033.778561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114033.778561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114033.778561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114033.778561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              572.940335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1108892515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1908592.969019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.889811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.050524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.051105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1365197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1365197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1365197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1365197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1365197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9679166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9679166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9679166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9679166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9679166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9679166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1365248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1365248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1365248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 189787.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189787.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 189787.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189787.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 189787.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189787.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7574827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7574827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7574827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7574827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7574827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7574827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 199337.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199337.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 199337.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199337.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 199337.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199337.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 9210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              440735486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 9466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             46559.844285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.161215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.838785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.434223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.565777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3572664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1955504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      5528168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        5528168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      5528168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       5528168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        32691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        32691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3968112825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3968112825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2582153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2582153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3970694978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3970694978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3970694978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3970694978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3605327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3605327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1955532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5560859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5560859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5560859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5560859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121486.477819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121486.477819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92219.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92219.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121461.410725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121461.410725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121461.410725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121461.410725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1611                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1611                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1034802540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1034802540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       693967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       693967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1035496507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1035496507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1035496507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1035496507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112466.312357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112466.312357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 77107.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77107.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112431.759718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112431.759718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112431.759718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112431.759718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              487.213496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1077535751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2185670.894523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.213496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.051624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1411737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1411737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1411737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1411737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1411737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1411737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8074861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8074861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8074861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8074861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8074861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8074861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1411786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1411786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1411786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1411786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1411786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1411786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164793.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164793.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164793.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164793.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164793.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164793.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6284278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6284278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6284278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6284278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6284278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6284278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165375.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165375.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165375.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165375.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165375.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165375.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              160315488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35768.738956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   221.122087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    34.877913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.863758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.136242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1124966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1124966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       835027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       835027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1959993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1959993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1959993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1959993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        10940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        10940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1167849199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1167849199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8423649                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8423649                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1176272848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1176272848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1176272848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1176272848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1135797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1135797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       835136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       835136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2150                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1970933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1970933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1970933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1970933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107824.688302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107824.688302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77281.183486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77281.183486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107520.370018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107520.370018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107520.370018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107520.370018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    417585641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    417585641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1412856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1412856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    418998497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418998497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    418998497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418998497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99259.719753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99259.719753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 74360.842105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74360.842105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99147.774965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99147.774965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99147.774965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99147.774965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.695964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1080583030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2058253.390476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.695964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.045987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1396553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1396553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1396553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1396553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1396553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1396553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7441306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7441306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7441306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7441306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7441306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7441306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1396600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1396600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1396600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1396600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1396600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1396600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158325.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158325.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158325.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158325.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158325.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158325.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5881672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5881672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5881672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5881672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168047.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168047.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168047.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168047.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168047.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168047.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 8167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              178889790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             21238.251217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.839976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.160024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.893906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.106094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       967220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       798870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       798870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1766090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1766090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1766090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1766090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        21177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        21177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2567169707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2567169707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8709322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8709322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2575879029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2575879029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2575879029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2575879029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       988293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       798974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       798974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1787267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1787267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121822.697623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121822.697623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83743.480769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83743.480769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121635.691033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121635.691033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121635.691033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121635.691033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    898550300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898550300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1188189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1188189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    899738489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    899738489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    899738489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    899738489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110265.100012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110265.100012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66010.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66010.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110167.563242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110167.563242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110167.563242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110167.563242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              511.249066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1076049743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2081334.125725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.249066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.046874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1381916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1381916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1381916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1381916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1381916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6969817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6969817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6969817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6969817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6969817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6969817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1381959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1381959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1381959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162088.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162088.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162088.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162088.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162088.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162088.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5998435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5998435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5998435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171383.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171383.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171383.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171383.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171383.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171383.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              170150008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             26552.747815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.544491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.455509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.111154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       971481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        971481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       821440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1792921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1792921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1792921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1792921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        21376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        21376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2757952123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2757952123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     30462145                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30462145                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2788414268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2788414268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2788414268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2788414268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       992594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       992594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       821703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1814297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1814297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1814297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1814297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 130628.149623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130628.149623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115825.646388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115825.646388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 130446.026759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130446.026759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 130446.026759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130446.026759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            2114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    643827182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    643827182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1201974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1201974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    645029156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    645029156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    645029156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    645029156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104960.414411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104960.414411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66776.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66776.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104848.692458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104848.692458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104848.692458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104848.692458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              572.204756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1108892404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1918498.968858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.615797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.588959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.049064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1365086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1365086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1365086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1365086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1365086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8324098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8324098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8324098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8324098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8324098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8324098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1365132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1365132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1365132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180958.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180958.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180958.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180958.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180958.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180958.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6618612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6618612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6618612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 189103.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189103.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 189103.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189103.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 189103.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189103.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 9209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              440735283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 9465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             46564.741997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.165097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.834903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.434239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.565761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3572792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1955174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5527966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        5527966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5527966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       5527966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        32763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        32763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3985984595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3985984595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2935354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2935354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3988919949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3988919949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3988919949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3988919949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3605527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3605527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1955202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5560729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5560729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5560729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5560729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121765.223614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121765.223614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104834.071429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104834.071429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121750.753869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121750.753869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121750.753869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121750.753869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1036212955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1036212955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       794848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       794848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1037007803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037007803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1037007803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037007803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112631.842935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112631.842935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 88316.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88316.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112608.079379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112608.079379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112608.079379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112608.079379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.026704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1074537116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2078408.348162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.026704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1401579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1401579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1401579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1401579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1401579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9670515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9670515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9670515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9670515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9670515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9670515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1401629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1401629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1401629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 193410.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193410.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 193410.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193410.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 193410.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193410.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8049002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8049002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8049002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8049002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8049002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8049002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191642.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191642.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191642.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191642.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191642.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191642.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4541                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              163967383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             34181.234730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   221.532894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    34.467106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.865363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.134637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       963077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        963077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       809482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2007                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2007                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1772559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1772559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1772559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1772559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        14675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        14675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1820366414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1820366414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9679297                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9679297                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1830045711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1830045711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1830045711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1830045711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       977648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       977648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       809586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       809586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2007                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2007                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1787234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1787234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.014904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124930.781278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124930.781278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93070.163462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93070.163462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124704.988825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124704.988825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124704.988825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124704.988825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    479099206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    479099206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1321261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1321261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    480420467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    480420467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    480420467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    480420467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105925.095291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105925.095291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73403.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73403.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105796.182999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105796.182999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105796.182999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105796.182999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
