
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1031001642                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398759352897                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 308832                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   398137                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26865                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38377.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11852113201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279395420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        23680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        12160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        47872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        48256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        46720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        72064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        23424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        16256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        46848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        12416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               483072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           40064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       179456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            179456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1402                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1402                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3352080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     12166809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1613964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22967956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3352080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     11794356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1738116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     46432516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3227929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     12166809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1862267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     18622667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1738116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     46804969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1738116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     45315156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1613964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     69897076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3352080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     12663413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1613964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     22719653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1862267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     18870969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3352080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     15767191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1738116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     45439307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3352080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     12042658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3352080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16015493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               468546295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3352080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1613964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3352080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1738116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3227929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1862267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1738116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1738116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1613964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3352080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1613964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1862267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3352080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1738116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3352080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3352080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38859298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         174059859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              174059859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         174059859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3352080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     12166809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1613964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22967956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3352080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     11794356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1738116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     46432516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3227929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     12166809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1862267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     18622667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1738116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     46804969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1738116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     45315156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1613964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     69897076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3352080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     12663413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1613964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     22719653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1862267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     18870969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3352080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     15767191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1738116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     45439307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3352080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     12042658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3352080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16015493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              642606154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224713                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186982                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84796                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80013                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23707                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          985                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943569                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1231832                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224713                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103720                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256073                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        59959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122053                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20758                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2043112     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15540      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19764      0.86%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31329      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12631      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16788      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19512      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9149      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131360      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2299185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090888                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.498228                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1932183                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        72700                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254817                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          114                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39365                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34139                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39365                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1934571                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5550                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        61396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5774                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495302                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2088612                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6949039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         369760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141592                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72454                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16045                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388482                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1837                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195021                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414338                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712177     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266472     11.59%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110157      4.79%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61584      2.68%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82658      3.60%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26134      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25496      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13390      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1117      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9732     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1358     11.00%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1256     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169635     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18810      1.35%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127809      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72058      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388482                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.561587                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12346                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008892                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5090332                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653693                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          962                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29884                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39365                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4164                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458653                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141592                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72454                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12113                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12677                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24790                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363384                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125292                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25098                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197316                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192445                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            72024                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.551435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350650                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350616                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          808727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2173245                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546271                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226543                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21771                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2259820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737782     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265004     11.73%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95910      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47667      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43753      1.94%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18437      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18169      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8715      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24383      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2259820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24383                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3694072                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956678                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30881                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                173242                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.472415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.472415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.404463                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.404463                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6131271                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1888907                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390271                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         192603                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169370                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17647                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117948                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114865                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12637                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          559                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1970771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1091680                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            192603                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       127502                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              240755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         57214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        27297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          121368                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17190                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2278297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2037542     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          33794      1.48%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20161      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          33195      1.46%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12421      0.55%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          30371      1.33%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5522      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9956      0.44%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          95335      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2278297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077900                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.441542                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1955613                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        43155                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          240098                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        20381                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1236585                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1957646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         22608                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        14718                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          238195                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1234185                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1637314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5618127                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5618127                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1290187                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         347127                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           16266                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       207306                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        39022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8833                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135013                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1159                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       516154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2278297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.123989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1785131     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161695      7.10%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154494      6.78%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92864      4.08%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52879      2.32%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14251      0.63%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16245      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          407      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          331      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2278297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2267     59.66%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          838     22.05%     81.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          695     18.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900023     79.30%     79.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9710      0.86%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       186617     16.44%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38575      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135013                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459068                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3800                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003348                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4553282                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469726                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138813                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1002                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47118                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         16765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          800                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225349                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207306                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          459                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10456                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8320                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18776                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1117177                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183057                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             221625                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         167557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            38568                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.451854                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1103010                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1102578                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          664076                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1511650                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.445950                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.439305                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       857708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       978362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        17373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2239183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.436928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1867758     83.41%     83.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150695      6.73%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91563      4.09%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30070      1.34%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47062      2.10%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10250      0.46%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6743      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5961      0.27%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29081      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2239183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       857708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       978362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               197930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              160188                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           148818                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          858916                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        29081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3435496                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2489923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 44733                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                194130                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            857708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              978362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       857708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.882598                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.882598                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.346909                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.346909                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5165195                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1453942                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1284261                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         224652                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186906                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21768                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84690                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79936                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          983                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1232140                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            224652                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       103691                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              256108                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         61446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        61248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          121993                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20674                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2300746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2044638     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          15547      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          19737      0.86%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          31376      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12611      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          16818      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          19559      0.85%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9161      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         131299      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2300746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090863                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.498352                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1932468                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        74094                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          254811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        34144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1504907                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1274                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1934936                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          5529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        62684                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          252441                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1494717                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2088684                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6946557                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6946557                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1719912                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         368767                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           21563                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       141328                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        72514                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          789                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458553                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          371                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389289                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1830                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194237                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       411811                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2300746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1713465     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266510     11.58%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110425      4.80%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61376      2.67%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82877      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26017      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25440      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13520      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1116      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2300746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9742     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1349     10.93%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1255     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170149     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18862      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128013      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72095      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389289                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.561913                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12346                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008887                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5093500                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653182                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          961                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29548                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1573                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4169                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458926                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141328                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72514                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          198                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          416                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12671                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24767                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1364051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125407                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             197468                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         192567                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            72061                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.551705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1351322                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1351288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          809502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2173794                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.546543                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372391                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226072                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2261494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1739086     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265280     11.73%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95930      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47763      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43636      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18482      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18186      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8691      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24440      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2261494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1000618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1232856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               182718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              111777                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           178764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1109863                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        25433                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        24440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3695969                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2957118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 30781                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                171681                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1000618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1232856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1000618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.470900                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.470900                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.404711                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.404711                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6134244                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1890299                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1390717                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         192637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173463                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12017                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71726                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66903                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10479                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          546                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1209085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            192637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        77382                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              238408                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         38441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        50741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          117844                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2335883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2097475     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           8485      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17384      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           7009      0.30%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          38938      1.67%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          34844      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6631      0.28%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          14185      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         110932      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2335883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077914                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489028                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2008625                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        63135                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          237414                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        25944                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        17030                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1417572                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        25944                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2011293                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         42833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        13342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          235632                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1415641                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           53                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1671407                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6661891                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6661891                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1439978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         231402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           93                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           19268                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       330063                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       165571                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8124                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410615                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342482                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1048                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134287                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329923                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2335883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1858378     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143359      6.14%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117291      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50787      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64405      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61909      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35028      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2961      0.13%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1765      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2335883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3401     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26156     86.18%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          795      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846557     63.06%     63.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11750      0.88%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319202     23.78%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164893     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342482                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.542981                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30352                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022609                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5052244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328698                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372834                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2280                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16955                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        25944                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         39286                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1837                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410788                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330063                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165571                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           93                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1281                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6206                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7564                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        13770                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331535                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317885                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10944                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             482736                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         173910                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           164851                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.538554                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1328839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1328698                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          719281                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1424023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.537406                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505105                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1068295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1255628                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        12045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1853824     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167038      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78055      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77038      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20827      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89440      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6992      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4894      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11831      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1068295                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1255628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               476930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              313105                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           165726                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1116712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        12203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        11831                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3709057                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2847870                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 45764                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                136544                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1068295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1255628                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1068295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.314367                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.314367                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.432084                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.432084                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6573159                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1549264                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1676974                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         224506                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186912                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21877                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          977                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942597                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1230887                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            224506                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       103529                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              255729                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         61769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        61461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          122016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20788                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2043745     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          15495      0.67%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          19733      0.86%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          31212      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12589      0.55%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          16769      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          19489      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9094      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         131348      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2299474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090804                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497846                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1931190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        74266                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          254434                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          113                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39465                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        33998                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          223                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1503480                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1294                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39465                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1933650                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          5541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        62955                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          252067                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         5791                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1493199                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2086484                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6939133                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6939133                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1716946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         369538                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21249                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       141275                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        72293                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        15967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1386931                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1777                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194632                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       412587                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1713071     74.50%     74.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266257     11.58%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109931      4.78%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61599      2.68%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82663      3.59%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26001      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25407      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13444      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9703     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1346     10.94%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1168432     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18815      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127624      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71890      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1386931                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.560959                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5087416                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1651444                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348959                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1399234                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          948                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29705                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1472                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39465                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4170                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          491                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1456793                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141275                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72293                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          411                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12195                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12785                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24980                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1361619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125023                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             196870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         192169                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            71847                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.550722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1348997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1348959                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          808152                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2170755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545601                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998885                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230719                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226079                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738611     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264701     11.71%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95775      4.24%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47548      2.10%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43704      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18438      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18169      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8700      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24363      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       998885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1230719                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               182391                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              111570                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           178440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1107966                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        24363                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3692431                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2953067                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 30919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                172953                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            998885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1230719                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       998885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.475187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.475187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.404010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.404010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6123508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1887457                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1389029                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         200784                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164474                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82741                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76752                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20409                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1926274                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1148219                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            200784                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        97161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              251136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         61494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        57008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          120263                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2274091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2022955     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          26454      1.16%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          30956      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          17165      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          19544      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11083      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7590      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          19951      0.88%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         118393      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2274091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081209                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.464410                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1910649                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        73184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          249075                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39327                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        32591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1401447                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1877                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39327                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1913899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         13808                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        50784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          247714                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1399891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1947903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6517255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6517255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1633850                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         314053                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           24828                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       134056                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        71940                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15813                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1396611                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312004                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191769                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       444106                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2274091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1722769     75.76%     75.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221264      9.73%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118876      5.23%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82221      3.62%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72497      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37193      1.64%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8889      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6018      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4364      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2274091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           344     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1366     45.05%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1322     43.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098944     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20476      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121011      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71414      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312004                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3032                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4902977                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1588775                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1288414                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315036                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25931                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39327                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          9769                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1396973                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134056                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71940                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11777                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24273                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291214                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113289                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             184681                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         179615                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            71392                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522246                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1288489                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1288414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          767171                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2011354                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521113                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381420                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       959117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176735                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21453                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2234764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1754240     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222946      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93425      4.18%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55732      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38791      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25149      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13321      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10372      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20788      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2234764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       959117                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1176735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               178069                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              108125                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           168346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1060948                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23947                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20788                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3610952                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2833283                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31493                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                198336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            959117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1176735                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       959117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.577816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.577816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.387925                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.387925                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5823319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1791363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1305887                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         192184                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173115                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12067                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72635                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66656                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10469                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          545                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2021172                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1206440                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            192184                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        77125                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              237836                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         38215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        52843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          117914                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2337725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2099889     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           8467      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17208      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           7049      0.30%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          38879      1.66%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          34869      1.49%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6595      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          14217      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         110552      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2337725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077731                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.487958                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2008655                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        65785                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          236814                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        25668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        16930                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1414190                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1258                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        25668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2011428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         43754                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        14620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          234981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         7268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1412270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         2782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          156                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1667398                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6646135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6646135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1438447                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         228951                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           20159                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       329662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       165427                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1538                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8049                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407094                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340515                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1076                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131772                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       322679                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2337725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1860698     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143450      6.14%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117116      5.01%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50689      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64250      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61736      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35115      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2972      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1699      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2337725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3420     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26138     86.03%     97.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          823      2.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844980     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11677      0.87%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319046     23.80%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164732     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340515                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.542186                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30381                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5050212                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1539093                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2310                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16652                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        25668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         40066                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1825                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165427                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           96                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1247                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6276                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7574                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        13850                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329379                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317752                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             482445                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         173637                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           164693                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.537682                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1326634                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1326503                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          718155                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1420675                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.536519                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505503                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1067406                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1254532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152880                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        12095                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2312057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856345     80.29%     80.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166879      7.22%     87.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78032      3.38%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76914      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20737      0.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89432      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7061      0.31%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4883      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11774      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2312057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1067406                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1254532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               476773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              313010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           165583                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1115712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12178                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        11774                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3707695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2840500                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 45791                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                134702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1067406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1254532                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1067406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.316295                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.316295                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.431724                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.431724                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6563158                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1546702                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1674010                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         192830                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66819                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10507                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2022934                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1210587                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            192830                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        77326                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              238673                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         38005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        50607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          117917                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2338023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2099350     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8453      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17507      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7158      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          38738      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          34959      1.50%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6502      0.28%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          14214      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         111142      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2338023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077992                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489635                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2011071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        62912                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          237635                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        25603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        17058                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1419091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        25603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2013783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         43120                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        12659                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          235855                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6997                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1417229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         2747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           38                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1673383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6669205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6669205                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1443348                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         230023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           19711                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       330364                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       165812                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1568                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1411974                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          170                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1344869                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132856                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       324761                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2338023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1859898     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143237      6.13%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117598      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50859      2.18%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64613      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61919      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35211      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2958      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1730      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2338023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3432     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26201     86.09%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          803      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847980     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11783      0.88%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319834     23.78%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165192     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1344869                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.543947                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30436                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022631                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5059185                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545051                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1331009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375305                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16586                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1650                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        25603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         39535                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1831                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412144                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330364                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165812                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           90                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1262                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7543                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        13645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1333791                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       318544                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             483702                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         174269                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           165158                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.539466                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1331147                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1331009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          720792                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1426122                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.538341                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.505421                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153677                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        11951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2312420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855290     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167381      7.24%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78230      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77231      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20807      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89648      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7091      0.31%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4910      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11832      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2312420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1070816                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1258574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               477933                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              313771                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           166159                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1119325                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12244                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        11832                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3712839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2850127                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 45756                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                134404                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1070816                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1258574                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1070816                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.308919                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.308919                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.433103                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.433103                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6584475                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1551722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1679473                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         193751                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73753                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19114                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          908                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870628                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1144613                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            193751                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        92867                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              234850                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         64176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        60540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          116870                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20480                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2209014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1974164     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          12407      0.56%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19656      0.89%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          29503      1.34%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12432      0.56%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          14476      0.66%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          15475      0.70%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          10749      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         120152      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2209014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.078365                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462951                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1848091                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        83781                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          233062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1399                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        42680                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1387652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        42680                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1852667                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         41500                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        28168                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          229986                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        14010                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1384082                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1165                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1894328                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6450515                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6450515                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1558515                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         335813                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          293                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           41055                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       140043                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        77210                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3789                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14876                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1378914                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          293                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1285222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       214071                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       496093                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2209014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1662047     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221219     10.01%     85.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122528      5.55%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81071      3.67%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73681      3.34%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22925      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16139      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5681      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3723      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2209014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           367     11.58%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1307     41.26%     52.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1494     47.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1058737     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23642      1.84%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127029      9.88%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75672      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1285222                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.519822                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3168                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002465                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4784604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1593341                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1261762                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1288390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6040                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1020                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        42680                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         31425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1645                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1379207                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140043                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77210                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          927                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10940                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12711                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        23651                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1266516                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120200                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18706                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             195735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         171808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            75535                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.512256                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1261860                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1261762                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          747200                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1895861                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.510333                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       933728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1138610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241621                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20816                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2166334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1705158     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219398     10.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91172      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46846      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34846      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19803      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12335      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10287      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26489      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2166334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       933728                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1138610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               182518                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              110300                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           158081                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1029434                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        22202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3520076                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2803153                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 33388                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                263413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            933728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1138610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       933728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.647909                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.647909                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.377656                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.377656                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5747256                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1725212                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1314002                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         224538                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21829                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84890                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79950                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          983                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1231372                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            224538                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       103695                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              255929                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         61651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        61237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          121982                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2043265     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15506      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19721      0.86%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31310      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12638      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          16791      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          19610      0.85%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9128      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         131225      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2299194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090817                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.498042                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1930962                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        74072                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          254640                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39396                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34089                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1504165                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1290                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39396                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1933400                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5624                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        62635                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          252299                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5835                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1494015                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2087476                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6943259                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6943259                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1717471                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         370005                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       141345                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72412                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          796                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16043                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457788                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1798                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195231                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       413821                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712467     74.48%     74.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266239     11.58%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110078      4.79%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61591      2.68%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82732      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26159      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25320      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13489      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1119      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9691     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1350     10.98%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169273     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18836      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127887      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72020      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388186                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.561467                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12295                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5089659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653402                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          964                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29741                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1565                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39396                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4275                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          508                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458152                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141345                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72412                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          426                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12213                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12680                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362849                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             197262                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         192345                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            71983                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.551219                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1350074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1350040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          808703                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2172943                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.546038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372169                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231112                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227045                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21800                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2259798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738126     76.92%     76.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264784     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95941      4.25%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47710      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43579      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18380      0.81%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18223      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8678      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24377      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2259798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       999215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1231112                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               182451                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              111604                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           178500                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1108312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25402                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24377                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3693565                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2955715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 30848                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                173233                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            999215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1231112                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       999215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.474369                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.474369                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.404143                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.404143                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6128904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1888676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1389744                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         192599                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169412                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118101                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         115015                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12615                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1972020                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1092091                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            192599                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       127630                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              240890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         56991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        28115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          121363                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2280355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.811890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2039465     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          33964      1.49%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20101      0.88%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          33204      1.46%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          12323      0.54%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          30484      1.34%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5477      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9965      0.44%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          95372      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2280355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077899                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.441708                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1956393                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        44440                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          240248                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          300                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        38970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        20340                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1236932                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        38970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1958501                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         23717                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        14722                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          238270                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6171                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1234502                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1636743                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5619631                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5619631                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1291708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         345009                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           16452                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       207712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        39046                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225390                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135831                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1164                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243268                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       513651                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2280355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.123571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1786725     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161805      7.10%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154733      6.79%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92942      4.08%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52955      2.32%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14328      0.63%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16121      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          420      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          326      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2280355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2274     59.75%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          835     21.94%     81.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          697     18.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900371     79.27%     79.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9699      0.85%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187092     16.47%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38581      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135831                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.459399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3806                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003351                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4556987                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468840                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1139637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1304                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        38970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         17477                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          812                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39046                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          454                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10406                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8248                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        18654                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1117930                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183440                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17901                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             222013                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         167625                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            38573                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.452159                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1103814                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1103383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          664750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1512592                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.446275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.439477                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       858996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       979650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245933                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        17294                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2241385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1869564     83.41%     83.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150691      6.72%     90.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91686      4.09%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30191      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47179      2.10%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10325      0.46%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6684      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5951      0.27%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29114      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2241385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       858996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       979650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               198312                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              160570                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           149035                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          859987                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        29114                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3437854                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2490179                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 44720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                192072                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            858996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              979650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       858996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.878275                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.878275                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.347430                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.347430                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5169409                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1454362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1285109                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         200957                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164653                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83048                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76714                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20392                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          955                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1925877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1148645                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            200957                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        97106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              251333                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         61652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        56505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          120273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21298                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2022195     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          26530      1.17%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          31067      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          17159      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          19448      0.86%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          11127      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7498      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          19888      0.87%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         118616      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2273528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081279                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.464582                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1910208                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        72739                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          249230                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1880                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39467                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        32584                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1402302                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1881                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39467                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1913486                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         13910                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        50149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          247869                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8643                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1400657                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           37                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1949383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6520846                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6520846                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1633467                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         315916                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           25090                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       134398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        71867                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1622                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15750                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397172                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311538                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1864                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       192578                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       449331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1722376     75.76%     75.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220981      9.72%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118996      5.23%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82465      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72345      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37107      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8949      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5911      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4398      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1371     45.17%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1317     43.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098512     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20485      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121067      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71315      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311538                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530466                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002314                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4901503                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1590145                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287917                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26297                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1938                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39467                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          9893                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397533                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71867                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          712                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11725                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24261                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290718                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113296                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             184591                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         179637                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            71295                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522045                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1287986                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1287917                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          767056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2010613                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.520912                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381504                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       958902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221066                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2234061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1753568     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222960      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93421      4.18%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55817      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38726      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25052      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13340      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10403      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20774      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2234061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       958902                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1176470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               178030                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              108101                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           168312                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1060705                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23940                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20774                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3610823                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2834543                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                198899                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            958902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1176470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       958902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.578394                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.578394                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.387838                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.387838                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5820942                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1790922                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1306219                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         204082                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166814                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81764                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77759                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20581                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955942                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1141578                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            204082                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        98340                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              236732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         59581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        45831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          121178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21467                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2276247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2039515     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          10955      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16915      0.74%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23176      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          24133      1.06%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          20897      0.92%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          10895      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17365      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         112396      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2276247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461724                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1936328                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        65886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          236144                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37509                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33563                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1398245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37509                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1941990                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         14464                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        38906                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          230875                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12499                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1397168                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1951569                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6493720                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6493720                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1663150                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         288397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           39214                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       131195                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        70010                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          869                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        33470                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394712                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316217                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          257                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       169364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       408574                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2276247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1707187     75.00%     75.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243259     10.69%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121375      5.33%     91.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        83055      3.65%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65679      2.89%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27465      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17848      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9118      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1261      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2276247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           295     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          874     37.08%     49.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1188     50.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107736     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19583      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119006      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69729      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316217                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.532358                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2357                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4911295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1564427                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294600                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2941                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23124                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1281                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37509                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         11586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1177                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1395054                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131195                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70010                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          990                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11592                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12797                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24389                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296604                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112063                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19613                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             181778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         184034                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            69715                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.524426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1294672                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1294600                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          744044                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2003827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.523615                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371311                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192763                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       202295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21640                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2238738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738346     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253544     11.33%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90427      4.04%     93.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43284      1.93%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43794      1.96%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21473      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14306      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8376      0.37%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25188      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2238738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       969325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1192763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               176800                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              108071                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           171980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1074663                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        25188                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3608595                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2827639                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31321                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                196180                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            969325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1192763                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       969325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.550669                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.550669                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5832453                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1805377                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1296435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         192324                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173259                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12049                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71929                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66486                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10491                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          535                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2023505                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1208125                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            192324                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        76977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              237944                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         38442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        50044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          117982                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11915                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2337607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2099663     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8348      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17214      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           6986      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          38820      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          34867      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6549      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14263      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         110897      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2337607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.488639                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2010946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        63004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          236970                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        25909                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        16930                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          205                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1416646                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1258                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        25909                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2013754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         42571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        13067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          235078                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         7222                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1414833                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         2831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           91                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1670733                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6658913                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6658913                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1440166                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         230567                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           93                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           20220                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       330145                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       165406                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1547                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8045                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1409714                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342677                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          993                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133536                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2337607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1859943     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143626      6.14%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117299      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50533      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64475      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61817      2.64%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35252      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2939      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1723      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2337607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3432     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26152     86.08%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          798      2.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846802     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11763      0.88%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319277     23.78%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164755     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342677                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.543060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30382                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022628                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5054336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543476                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328656                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1373059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2307                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1575                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        25909                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         39032                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1737                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330145                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165406                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           93                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6221                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7690                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        13911                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331476                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             482702                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         173831                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           164728                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.538530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1328807                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1328656                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          719589                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1425115                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.537389                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.504934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1068399                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1255759                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154234                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        12080                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855612     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166950      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78190      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76901      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20823      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89458      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7028      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4912      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11824      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1068399                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1255759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               476948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              313117                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           165750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1116825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        11824                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3709867                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2845907                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 45827                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                134820                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1068399                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1255759                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1068399                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.314142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.314142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.432126                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.432126                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6573441                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1549523                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1676001                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         225035                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187313                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21862                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84530                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79794                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23757                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          978                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943835                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1234214                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            225035                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       103551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              256365                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        60038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          122136                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2300040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2043675     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          15542      0.68%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19666      0.86%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31419      1.37%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12581      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          16825      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          19498      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9169      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         131665      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2300040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.091018                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.499191                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1932409                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        72858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          255059                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          125                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34123                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1507401                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1286                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1934873                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          5477                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        61495                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          252699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5908                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1497065                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2091578                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6956964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6956964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1718146                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         373419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21542                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       141544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16060                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459688                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196574                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       415505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2300040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1713011     74.48%     74.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266108     11.57%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110414      4.80%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61404      2.67%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82822      3.60%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26110      1.14%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25644      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13411      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1116      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2300040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9741     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     10.92%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170667     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18823      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127927      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72068      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.562061                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12343                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5093538                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1656649                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351412                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          993                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29881                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          4138                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1460056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1137                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          411                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12784                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24890                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1364160                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             197364                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         192460                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            72034                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.551749                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1351444                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1351412                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          809423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2174502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.546593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372234                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228434                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738595     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264866     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95842      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47870      2.12%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43591      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18457      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18202      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8683      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24351      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       999608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1231610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               182537                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111658                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           178574                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1108757                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3696137                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2959693                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 30863                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                172387                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            999608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1231610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       999608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.473397                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.473397                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.404302                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.404302                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6134973                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1890246                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1392736                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2472427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         204071                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166986                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21531                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77954                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20719                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1011                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956370                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1140552                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            204071                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        98673                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              236695                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        45362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          121164                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21391                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2276138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2039443     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11021      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16933      0.74%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          23110      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          24199      1.06%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          20745      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          10978      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17437      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         112272      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2276138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461309                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1936828                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        65367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          236115                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          345                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37479                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        33388                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1397536                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37479                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1942423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         14558                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        38601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          230887                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12186                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1396356                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1603                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1950957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6490473                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6490473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1663282                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         287664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           38331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       131389                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        70067                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          830                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        33533                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1393716                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315659                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       169102                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       407573                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2276138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1707044     75.00%     75.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243586     10.70%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121489      5.34%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82668      3.63%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65606      2.88%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27527      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17765      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9182      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1271      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2276138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           286     12.40%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          830     35.98%     48.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1191     51.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1106901     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19487      1.48%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119362      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69746      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315659                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.532133                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2307                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4910027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1563171                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1293758                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2815                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23312                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1334                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37479                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         11727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1211                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131389                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70067                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11688                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12638                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24326                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1295817                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112116                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             181842                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         183797                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            69726                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524107                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1293836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1293758                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          743822                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2002486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523274                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371449                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21580                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2238659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737999     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253639     11.33%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90707      4.05%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43280      1.93%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43686      1.95%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21543      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14291      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8354      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25160      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2238659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       969403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1192856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               176810                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              108077                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           171996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1074744                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24558                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        25160                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3607546                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2825612                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31282                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                196289                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            969403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1192856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       969403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.550464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.550464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392086                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392086                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5829681                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1804975                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1295422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3776                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32754.401735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           770200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.082309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           857.769832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.281986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    48.543803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.306023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   103.623745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    17.279122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    47.859748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.370371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   185.607228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.857419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    49.775319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.618509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    76.364066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.469888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   186.846856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.546678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   181.241223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.547342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   251.319672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    17.273694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    51.970718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.306247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   102.100764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.618112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    76.103502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.408454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    65.986157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.471690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   179.225089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.286509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    48.436083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.368095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    66.284350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1207.145456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2051.816183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1210.695133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2345.069613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1202.768836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1850.732851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2331.633185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2342.578909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          3576.714441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1216.223040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2149.579038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1898.265232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1493.668950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2349.955200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1206.915999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1482.571377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.026177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.005664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.005702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.005531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.007670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.005470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.001478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.036839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.062616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.036947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.071566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.036706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.056480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.071156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.071490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.109153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.037116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.065600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.057930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.045583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.071715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.036832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.045244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1931                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1931                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          414                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5231                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          374                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data           97                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4219796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     14755336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1925754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27777637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4574054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14488098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2280359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     56780480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4323501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15071268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2202640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22558557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2144085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57561155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2157228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55369829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1898554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     77788623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4365417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15537158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2016695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     27468509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2345033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     22638111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4337976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19151191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2125409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     55412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4114888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14632877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4360045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19555951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       565938214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7189757                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       147011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       7336768                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4219796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     14755336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1925754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27777637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4574054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14488098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2280359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     56780480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4323501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15071268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2202640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22558557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2144085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57561155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2157228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55369829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1898554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     84978380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4365417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15537158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2016695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     27468509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2345033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     22785122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4337976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19151191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2125409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     55412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4114888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14632877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4360045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19555951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        573274982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4219796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     14755336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1925754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27777637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4574054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14488098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2280359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     56780480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4323501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15071268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2202640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22558557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2144085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57561155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2157228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55369829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1898554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     84978380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4365417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15537158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2016695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     27468509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2345033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     22785122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4337976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19151191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2125409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     55412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4114888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14632877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4360045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19555951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       573274982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1931                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1931                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.287390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.279412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.474619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.479644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.462025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.513944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.308793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.316708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.466242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.285294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.416965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.695652                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.284884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.276968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.474619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.286550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.479644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.462025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.535680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.310204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.314356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.466242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.319307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.419100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.284884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.276968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.474619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.286550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.479644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.462025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.535680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.310204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.314356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.466242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.319307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.419100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156288.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150564.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148134.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150149.389189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169409.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152506.294737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162882.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151819.465241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166288.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153788.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146842.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150390.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153148.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152682.108753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154087.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151698.161644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146042.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150753.145349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161682.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152325.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155130.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150101.142077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156335.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149921.264901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160665.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150796.779528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151814.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151398.907104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152403.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150854.402062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161483.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151596.519380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151888.946323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152973.553191                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       147011                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152849.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156288.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150564.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148134.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150149.389189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169409.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152506.294737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162882.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151819.465241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166288.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153788.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146842.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150390.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153148.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152682.108753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154087.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151698.161644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146042.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150938.507993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161682.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152325.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155130.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150101.142077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156335.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149902.118421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160665.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150796.779528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151814.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151398.907104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152403.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150854.402062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161483.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151596.519380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151901.161102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156288.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150564.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148134.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150149.389189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169409.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152506.294737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162882.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151819.465241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166288.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153788.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146842.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150390.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153148.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152682.108753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154087.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151698.161644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 146042.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150938.507993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161682.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152325.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155130.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150101.142077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156335.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149902.118421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160665.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150796.779528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151814.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151398.907104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152403.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150854.402062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161483.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151596.519380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151901.161102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1402                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1402                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2653783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9060101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1171597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17001131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3008462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8956946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1466946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     35022888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2813714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9370449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1330081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13824074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1329311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35600237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1343738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34127880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1140974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     47744546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2798416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9603078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1261306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16815171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1470514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13843676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2768349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11764884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1309569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34113083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2543995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8992010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2790640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12043450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349084999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4453903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        89211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4543114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2653783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9060101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1171597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17001131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3008462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8956946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1466946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     35022888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2813714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9370449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1330081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13824074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1329311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35600237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1343738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34127880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1140974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52198449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2798416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9603078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1261306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16815171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1470514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13932887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2768349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11764884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1309569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34113083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2543995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8992010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2790640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12043450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353628113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2653783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9060101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1171597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17001131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3008462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8956946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1466946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     35022888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2813714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9370449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1330081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13824074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1329311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35600237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1343738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34127880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1140974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52198449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2798416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9603078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1261306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16815171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1470514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13932887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2768349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11764884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1309569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34113083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2543995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8992010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2790640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12043450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353628113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.287390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.279412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.474619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.479644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.462025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.513944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.308793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.316708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.466242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.285294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.416965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.695652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.284884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.276968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.474619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.286550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.479644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.462025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.535680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.310204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.314356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.466242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.319307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.419100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.284884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.276968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.474619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.286550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.309278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.479644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.462025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.535680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.372709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.310204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.314356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.466242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.319307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.419100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98288.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92450.010204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90122.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91898.005405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111424.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94283.642105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104781.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93644.085561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 108219.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95616.826531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88672.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92160.493333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94950.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94430.336870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95981.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93501.041096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 87767.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92528.189922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 103645.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94147.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97023.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91886.180328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98034.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91679.973510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102531.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92636.881890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93540.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93205.144809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94222.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92701.134021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 103357.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93360.077519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93688.942297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94763.893617                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        89211                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94648.208333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98288.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92450.010204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90122.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91898.005405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111424.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94283.642105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104781.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93644.085561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 108219.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95616.826531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88672.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92160.493333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94950.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94430.336870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95981.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93501.041096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 87767.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92714.829485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 103645.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94147.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97023.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91886.180328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98034.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91663.730263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102531.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92636.881890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93540.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93205.144809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94222.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92701.134021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 103357.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93360.077519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93701.142819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98288.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92450.010204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90122.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91898.005405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111424.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94283.642105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 104781.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93644.085561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 108219.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95616.826531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88672.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92160.493333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94950.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94430.336870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95981.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93501.041096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 87767.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92714.829485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 103645.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94147.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97023.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91886.180328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98034.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91663.730263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102531.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92636.881890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93540.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93205.144809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94222.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92701.134021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 103357.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93360.077519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93701.142819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              473.102521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1549855.334711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.102521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.029010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7680422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7680422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7680422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7680422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7680422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7680422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 202116.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202116.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 202116.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202116.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 202116.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202116.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6160190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6160190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6160190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 212420.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212420.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 212420.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212420.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 212420.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212420.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181488.866667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.477081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.522919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.458895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.541105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     90134137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90134137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1315621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1315621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91449758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91449758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91449758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91449758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107174.954816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107174.954816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109635.083333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109635.083333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107209.563892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107209.563892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107209.563892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107209.563892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          509                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34117884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34117884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       308612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       308612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34426496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34426496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34426496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34426496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100052.445748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100052.445748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102870.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102870.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100077.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100077.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100077.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100077.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              538.305284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              643368390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1193633.376623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.305284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         121354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        121354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2254105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2254105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2254105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2254105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2254105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2254105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       121368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       121368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161007.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161007.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161007.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161007.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161007.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161007.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2041539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2041539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2041539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2041539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2041539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2041539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157041.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157041.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157041.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157041.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157041.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157041.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              150642611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             202204.846980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   144.852900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   111.147100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.565832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.434168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       164935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        164935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       202503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         202503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       202503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        202503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187780966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187780966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187780966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    187780966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187780966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    187780966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       166644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       204212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       204212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109877.686366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109877.686366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109877.686366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109877.686366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109877.686366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109877.686366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50654519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50654519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50654519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50654519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50654519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50654519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103587.973415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103587.973415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103587.973415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103587.973415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103587.973415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103587.973415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              473.098897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750129922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1549855.210744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.098897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.029005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         121955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        121955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8510924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8510924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8510924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8510924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8510924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8510924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       121993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       121993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 223971.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223971.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 223971.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223971.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 223971.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223971.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7053436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7053436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7053436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7053436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7053436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7053436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243221.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243221.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243221.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243221.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 243221.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243221.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              108893451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             181792.071786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   117.071019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   138.928981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.457309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.542691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        96379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        70577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       166956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         166956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       166956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        166956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     90853029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90853029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1302226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1302226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     92155255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92155255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     92155255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92155255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        97218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        70589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       167807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       167807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108287.281287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108287.281287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108518.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108518.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108290.546416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108290.546416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108290.546416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108290.546416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34488787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34488787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       291815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       291815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34780602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34780602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34780602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34780602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101437.608824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101437.608824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97271.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97271.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101401.172012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101401.172012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101401.172012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101401.172012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.369323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              765693845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1374674.766607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.369323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         117828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        117828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3048819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3048819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3048819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3048819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3048819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3048819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       117844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       117844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190551.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190551.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190551.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190551.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190551.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190551.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2670364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2670364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2670364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2670364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2670364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2670364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190740.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190740.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190740.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190740.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190740.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190740.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              287983520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             275846.283525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   102.247011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   153.752989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.399402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.600598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       300022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        300022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       463686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         463686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       463686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        463686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    348776714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    348776714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    348776714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    348776714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    348776714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    348776714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       302847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       163664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       466511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       466511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123460.783717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123460.783717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123460.783717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123460.783717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123460.783717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123460.783717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     90299903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90299903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     90299903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90299903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     90299903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90299903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114593.785533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114593.785533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114593.785533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114593.785533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114593.785533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114593.785533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              472.677006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750129944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1553064.066253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    17.677006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.028329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         121977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        121977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7114549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7114549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7114549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7114549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7114549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7114549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       122016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       122016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       122016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       122016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       122016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182424.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182424.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182424.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182424.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182424.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182424.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5587580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5587580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5587580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5587580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5587580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5587580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 199556.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199556.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 199556.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199556.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 199556.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199556.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              108893018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             182095.347826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   116.803072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   139.196928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.456262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.543738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        70462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       166531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         166531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       166531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        166531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91059069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91059069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1517632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1517632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     92576701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92576701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     92576701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92576701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        96911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        70470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       167381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       167381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108146.162708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108146.162708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       189704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       189704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108913.765882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108913.765882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108913.765882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108913.765882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34510148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34510148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       596135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       596135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     35106283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35106283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     35106283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35106283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101799.846608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101799.846608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 198711.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198711.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102649.950292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102649.950292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102649.950292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102649.950292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              496.617646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              747247521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1503516.138833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.617646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.023426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         120244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        120244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2994065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2994065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2994065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2994065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2994065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2994065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       120263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       120263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157582.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157582.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157582.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157582.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157582.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157582.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2346620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2346620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2346620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2346620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2346620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2346620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156441.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156441.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156441.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156441.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156441.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156441.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              117749502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             158906.210526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   160.124282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    95.875718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.625485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.374515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        82915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        69541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         152456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        152456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    198544084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198544084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7110179                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7110179                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    205654263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    205654263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    205654263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    205654263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        84593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       154202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       154202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118321.861740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118321.861740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104561.455882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104561.455882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117785.946735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117785.946735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117785.946735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117785.946735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     46847254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46847254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     46847254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46847254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     46847254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46847254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96592.276289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96592.276289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96592.276289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96592.276289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96592.276289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96592.276289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.468911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              765693913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1374674.888689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.468911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         117896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        117896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2990933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2990933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2990933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2990933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2990933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2990933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       117914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       117914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166162.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166162.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166162.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166162.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166162.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166162.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2459587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2459587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2459587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2459587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2459587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2459587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175684.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175684.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175684.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175684.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175684.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175684.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              287983274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             276375.502879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   102.251283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   153.748717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.399419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.600581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       299836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       163602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       463438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         463438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       463438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        463438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    356392654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    356392654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    356392654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    356392654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    356392654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    356392654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       302704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       163602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       466306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       466306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124265.221060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124265.221060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124265.221060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124265.221060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124265.221060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124265.221060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     90395233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90395233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     90395233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90395233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     90395233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90395233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115006.657761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115006.657761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115006.657761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115006.657761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115006.657761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115006.657761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              556.545701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              765693918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1374674.897666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.545701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       117901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       117901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         117901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       117901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        117901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2836928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2836928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2836928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2836928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2836928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2836928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       117917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       117917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       117917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       117917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       117917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       177308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       177308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       177308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       177308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       177308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       177308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2470198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2470198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2470198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2470198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2470198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2470198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176442.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176442.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176442.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176442.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176442.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176442.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  790                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              287984368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             275319.663480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   102.328125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   153.671875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.399719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.600281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       300534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        300534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       164001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       464535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         464535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       464535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        464535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    346920265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    346920265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    346920265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    346920265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    346920265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    346920265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       303383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       303383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       164001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       467384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       467384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       467384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       467384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121769.134784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121769.134784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121769.134784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121769.134784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121769.134784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121769.134784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89142888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89142888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89142888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89142888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89142888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89142888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112839.098734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112839.098734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112839.098734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112839.098734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112839.098734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112839.098734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.546526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750409304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1494839.250996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.546526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         116854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        116854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2382451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2382451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2382451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2382451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2382451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2382451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       116870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       116870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148903.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148903.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148903.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148903.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148903.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148903.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2099586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2099586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2099586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2099586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2099586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2099586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161506.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161506.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161506.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161506.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161506.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161506.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125071462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             95693.543994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   184.498844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    71.501156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.720699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.279301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        71497                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71497                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       159701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         159701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       159701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        159701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    315774425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315774425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     63018335                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     63018335                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    378792760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    378792760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    378792760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    378792760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        90600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       162439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       162439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 131792.330968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131792.330968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 184264.137427                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184264.137427                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 138346.515705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138346.515705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 138346.515705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138346.515705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    116719732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116719732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7634153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7634153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124353885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124353885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124353885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124353885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000654                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000654                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116254.713147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116254.713147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162428.787234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162428.787234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118319.586108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118319.586108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118319.586108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118319.586108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              473.093572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750129911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1549855.188017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.093572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.028996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         121944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        121944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7209189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7209189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7209189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7209189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7209189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7209189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       121982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       121982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 189715.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189715.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 189715.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189715.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 189715.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189715.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5819173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5819173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5819173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5819173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5819173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5819173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 200661.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200661.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 200661.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200661.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 200661.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200661.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              108893267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             181791.764608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   117.046596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   138.953404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.457213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.542787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        96298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        70483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       166781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         166781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       166781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        166781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     91047316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91047316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1501867                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1501867                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92549183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92549183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92549183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92549183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        97143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       167638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       167638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107748.302959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107748.302959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125155.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125155.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107992.045508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107992.045508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107992.045508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107992.045508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34618335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34618335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       342038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       342038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34960373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34960373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34960373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34960373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101818.632353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101818.632353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114012.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114012.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101925.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101925.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101925.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101925.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.305482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              643368385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1193633.367347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.305482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         121349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        121349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2399264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2399264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2399264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2399264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2399264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2399264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       121363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       121363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       171376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       171376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       171376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       171376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       171376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       171376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2157395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2157395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2157395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2157395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2157395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2157395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165953.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165953.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165953.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165953.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165953.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165953.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              150642934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             201663.900937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   144.886989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   111.113011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.565965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.434035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       165258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       202826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         202826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       202826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        202826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187683634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187683634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187683634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    187683634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187683634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    187683634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       166980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       204548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       204548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108991.657375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108991.657375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108991.657375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108991.657375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108991.657375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108991.657375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     50896575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50896575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     50896575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50896575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     50896575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50896575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103659.012220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103659.012220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103659.012220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103659.012220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103659.012220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103659.012220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              496.617230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              747247531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1503516.158954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.617230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.023425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         120254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        120254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3164757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3164757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3164757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3164757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3164757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3164757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       120273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       120273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166566.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166566.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166566.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166566.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166566.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166566.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2506238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2506238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2506238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2506238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2506238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2506238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167082.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167082.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167082.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167082.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167082.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167082.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              117749559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             157841.231903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   160.172103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    95.827897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.625672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.374328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        82988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        69526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         152514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        152514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    198845489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198845489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8086397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8086397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    206931886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    206931886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    206931886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    206931886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        84662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        69594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       154256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       154256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118784.640980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118784.640980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118917.602941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118917.602941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118789.831228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118789.831228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118789.831228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118789.831228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     47280225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47280225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       155511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       155511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     47435736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47435736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     47435736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47435736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96687.576687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96687.576687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       155511                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       155511                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96807.624490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96807.624490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96807.624490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96807.624490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              503.377528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              746682683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1481513.259921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.377528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.045477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         121145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        121145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5770444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5770444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5770444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5770444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5770444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5770444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       121178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       121178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174861.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174861.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174861.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174861.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174861.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174861.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5135263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5135263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5135263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5135263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5135263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5135263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177078.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177078.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177078.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177078.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177078.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177078.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              112794656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             170900.993939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   158.553926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    97.446074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.619351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.380649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        81831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        68394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       150225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         150225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       150225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        150225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    155833353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155833353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1187845                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1187845                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    157021198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    157021198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    157021198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    157021198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        83152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        68409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       151561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       151561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117966.202120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117966.202120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 79189.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79189.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117530.836826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117530.836826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117530.836826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117530.836826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     39511432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39511432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     39703732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39703732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     39703732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39703732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98532.249377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98532.249377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98276.564356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98276.564356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98276.564356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98276.564356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.470711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              765693982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1374675.012567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.470711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         117965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        117965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2908583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2908583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2908583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2908583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2908583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2908583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       117982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       117982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171093.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171093.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171093.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171093.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171093.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171093.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2434834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2434834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2434834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2434834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2434834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2434834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173916.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173916.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173916.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173916.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173916.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173916.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              287983592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             276641.298751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   102.287970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   153.712030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.399562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.600438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       300088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        300088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       163670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       463758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         463758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       463758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        463758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    346786098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    346786098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    346786098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    346786098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    346786098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    346786098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       302903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       163670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       466573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       466573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123192.219538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123192.219538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123192.219538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123192.219538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123192.219538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123192.219538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     89108891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89108891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     89108891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89108891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     89108891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89108891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113514.510828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113514.510828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113514.510828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113514.510828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113514.510828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113514.510828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              473.107621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750130066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1549855.508264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.107621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.029019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         122099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        122099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7491109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7491109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7491109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7491109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7491109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7491109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       122136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       122136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 202462.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202462.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 202462.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202462.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 202462.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202462.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5932664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5932664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5932664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5932664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5932664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5932664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 204574.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204574.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 204574.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204574.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 204574.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204574.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              108893303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             181791.824708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   117.103285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   138.896715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.457435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.542565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        96298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         166813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        166813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     89616649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89616649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1672916                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1672916                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91289565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91289565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91289565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91289565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        97150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105183.860329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105183.860329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 139409.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139409.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105659.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105659.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105659.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105659.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     33633236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33633236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       358071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       358071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     33991307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33991307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     33991307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33991307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98921.282353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98921.282353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       119357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       119357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99100.020408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99100.020408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99100.020408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99100.020408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              503.337043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746682670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1481513.234127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.337043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         121132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        121132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5971706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5971706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5971706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5971706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5971706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5971706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       121164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       121164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 186615.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186615.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 186615.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186615.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 186615.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186615.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5172586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5172586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5172586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5172586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5172586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5172586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178365.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178365.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178365.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178365.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178365.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178365.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              112794844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             170901.278788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   158.624353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    97.375647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.619626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.380374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        82014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       150413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         150413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       150413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        150413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    155229017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155229017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1195166                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1195166                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    156424183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156424183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    156424183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156424183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        83329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        68413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118044.879848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118044.879848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        85369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        85369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117700.664409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117700.664409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117700.664409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117700.664409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39580124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39580124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       197344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       197344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39777468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39777468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39777468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39777468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98703.551122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98703.551122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65781.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65781.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98459.079208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98459.079208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98459.079208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98459.079208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
