
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000964                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   963651138                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391062964875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 405217                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   518240                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  33326                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67601016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28916.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11717265370                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14985443094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        40960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        38912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        39936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        40448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        16256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        65664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               476928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       181376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            181376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1417                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1417                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1859594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42505009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1859594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     40379758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3320704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21783817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1859594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     41442383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1859594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     41973696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1859594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17666144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1859594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     16736347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1859594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16736347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3320704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     22182301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3719188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     12220190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1726766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     19924223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1859594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     41575212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1859594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     16470691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1859594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16869175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1726766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     68140842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3187876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     22713614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               494917695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1859594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1859594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3320704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1859594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1859594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1859594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1859594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1859594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3320704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3719188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1726766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1859594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1859594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1859594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1726766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3187876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35597945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         188217492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              188217492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         188217492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1859594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42505009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1859594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     40379758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3320704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21783817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1859594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     41442383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1859594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     41973696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1859594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17666144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1859594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     16736347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1859594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16736347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3320704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     22182301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3719188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     12220190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1726766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     19924223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1859594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     41575212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1859594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     16470691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1859594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16869175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1726766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     68140842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3187876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     22713614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              683135187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180440                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162429                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11173                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62671                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          495                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1891483                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1130131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180440                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72488                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              222889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         35591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        44717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110266                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2183254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        1960365     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7896      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16447      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6764      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36052      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32544      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6307      0.29%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13267      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103612      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2183254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.078082                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489040                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1880403                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        56182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          221929                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        23986                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16010                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1324789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1073                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        23986                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1882891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         38197                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        11382                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220291                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         6499                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1323056                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         2548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           56                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1563039                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6224691                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6224691                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         214062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           18093                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308458                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1443                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1318460                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1255614                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       303873                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2183254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1736553     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       133824      6.13%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109965      5.04%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47712      2.19%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60287      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57777      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32833      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2731      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1572      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2183254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3167     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24465     86.26%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          729      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792008     63.08%     63.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10979      0.87%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298530     23.78%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154022     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1255614                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.543341                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022587                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4723790                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1442704                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1242828                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1283975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2300                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15759                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1567                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        23986                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         34713                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1688                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1318619                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308458                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1170                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5754                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12808                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1245520                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297367                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451344                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163054                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           153977                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.538973                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1242939                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1242828                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673011                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1331441                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.537808                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.505476                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       143223                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11210                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2159268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1732215     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156369      7.24%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73045      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72091      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19599      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83842      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6522      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4592      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10993      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2159268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        10993                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3467056                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2661559                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42853                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                127661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.310915                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.310915                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.432729                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.432729                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6147253                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1449634                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1567451                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         180396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162406                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11212                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82049                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62639                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9812                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          501                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1893549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1130618                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            180396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        72451                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              222972                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         35832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        44076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          110431                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2184958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1961986     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           7927      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16380      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           6811      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          36003      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          32634      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6244      0.29%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          13332      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         103641      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2184958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.078063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1882477                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        55554                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          221984                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        24182                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        15987                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1325286                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        24182                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1884994                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         36643                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        12326                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          220310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6495                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1323398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         2543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           73                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1563522                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6226502                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6226502                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1347537                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         215981                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           18421                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       308482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       154844                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1406                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7468                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1318509                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1255751                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          921                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125336                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       302424                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2184958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1737919     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134175      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110020      5.04%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47848      2.19%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60146      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57655      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32791      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2845      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1559      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2184958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3168     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24468     86.22%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          741      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791967     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10983      0.87%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298557     23.78%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154169     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1255751                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.543400                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28377                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022598                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4725758                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1444055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243013                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2320                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15871                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1811                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        24182                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         33110                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1660                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1318669                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154844                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1151                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5797                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7034                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        12831                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1245602                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             451582                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         163032                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           154116                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.539008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1243134                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1243013                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          673048                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1330766                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.537888                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.505760                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174543                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144275                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        11254                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2160776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1734092     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156199      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73017      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71996      3.33%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19613      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83789      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6542      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4551      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10977      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2160776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       999176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1174543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               445642                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              292609                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           155223                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1044470                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11436                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        10977                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3468617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2661831                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 42922                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                125957                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            999176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1174543                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       999176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.312821                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.312821                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.432372                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.432372                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6148529                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1449688                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1568308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         186446                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20164                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76367                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70926                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18905                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          908                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1787339                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1064619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            186446                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        89831                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              232960                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         57706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        61547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          111728                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19880                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2119083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1886123     89.01%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          24762      1.17%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          29108      1.37%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          15762      0.74%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          17609      0.83%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          10509      0.50%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6928      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          18022      0.85%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110260      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2119083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.080681                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460692                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1771818                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        77676                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          230790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1959                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        36837                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        30148                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1298352                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        36837                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1775163                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         15261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        53786                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          229461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8572                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1296530                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1804300                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6034630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6034630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1510435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         293835                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           24332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       124322                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        66758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        14193                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1292996                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          342                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1213666                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1595                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178093                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414892                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2119083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608214     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205288      9.69%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110393      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76479      3.61%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66912      3.16%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33807      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8520      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5408      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4062      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2119083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1166     43.33%     55.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1199     44.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1016548     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18772      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       112155      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        66044      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1213666                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.525189                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2691                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002217                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4550699                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471474                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1191361                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1216357                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3163                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24147                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1956                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        36837                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         10887                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1293345                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       124322                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          760                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11051                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11722                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        22773                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1193878                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105140                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             171144                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         166489                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            66004                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.516626                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1191459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1191361                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          709076                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1856909                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.515536                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       886980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1088268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205068                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20085                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2082246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1637535     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206524      9.92%     88.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86471      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51648      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35663      1.71%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23285      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12290      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9599      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19231      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2082246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       886980                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1088268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               164977                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              100175                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           155759                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          981099                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        22136                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        19231                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3356338                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2623536                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 29469                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                191832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            886980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1088268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       886980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.605374                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.605374                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.383822                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.383822                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5384599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1656387                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1210853                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         180489                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11167                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69998                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62644                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9823                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1891854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1131468                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            180489                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        72467                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              223226                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         35803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        44415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          110321                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11046                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2183879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1960653     89.78%     89.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           8014      0.37%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16553      0.76%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           6759      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          36035      1.65%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          32534      1.49%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6265      0.29%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          13253      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         103813      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2183879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.078103                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489619                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1880822                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        55842                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          222256                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        24205                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        15959                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1326232                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        24205                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1883321                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         37431                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        11821                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          220643                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1324593                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           85                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1564896                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6231926                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6231926                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1348536                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         216349                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           18074                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       308452                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       154726                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1397                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7526                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1319752                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256359                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       306124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2183879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1737097     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134075      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109516      5.01%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47700      2.18%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60416      2.77%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57939      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32734      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2827      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1575      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2183879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3201     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24470     86.19%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792692     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10991      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298566     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154035     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256359                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.543663                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28391                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022598                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4725988                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1445651                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2319                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15775                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1652                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        24205                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         33873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1708                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1319911                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308452                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154726                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1184                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5751                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7075                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        12826                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246046                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             451373                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         162933                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           154000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.539200                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1243522                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1243405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          673572                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1333491                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.538057                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505119                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144843                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        11201                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2159674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1732704     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156327      7.24%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73054      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72031      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19614      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83878      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6532      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4587      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10947      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2159674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       999754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1175251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               445747                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              292673                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           155310                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1045120                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        11452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        10947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3468821                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2664406                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 42880                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                127036                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            999754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1175251                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       999754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.311484                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.311484                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.432623                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.432623                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6150219                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1450205                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1568879                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         180032                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162095                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11320                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79648                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62509                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9786                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1891759                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1128133                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            180032                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        72295                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              222549                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         35991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        44452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          110413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11198                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2183174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1960625     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           7826      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          16316      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           6789      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          36092      1.65%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          32615      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6313      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          13292      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         103306      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2183174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077905                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1880749                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        55869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          221581                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          732                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        24235                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        15933                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1322674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        24235                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1883323                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         36766                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        12277                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          219850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6715                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1320780                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         2566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          214                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1559646                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6214070                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6214070                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1343695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         215951                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           18623                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       308551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       154588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1425                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         7421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1315920                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1253425                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124795                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       302887                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2183174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1737069     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       133993      6.14%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109633      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47575      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60058      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57742      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32794      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2745      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1565      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2183174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3143     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24474     86.34%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          730      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       790075     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10931      0.87%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298454     23.81%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153890     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1253425                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542393                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022616                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4719386                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1440924                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1240345                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1281772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2249                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16179                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1701                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        24235                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         33418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1586                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1316079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1075                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5862                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7072                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        12934                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1243087                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297216                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10338                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             451066                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         162617                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           153850                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.537920                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1240477                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1240345                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          671510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1327140                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.536733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505983                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       996963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1171817                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144426                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        11360                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2158939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1733154     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155969      7.22%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        72787      3.37%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71851      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19544      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83672      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6490      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4531      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10941      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2158939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       996963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1171817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               445259                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              292372                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           154826                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1042028                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        11383                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        10941                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3464241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2656730                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 42961                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                127741                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            996963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1171817                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       996963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.317955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.317955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.431415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.431415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6136503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1446249                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1565229                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         190271                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       155767                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77440                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73066                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          925                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1822024                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1065292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            190271                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        92312                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              221262                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         55922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        42943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          112849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19919                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2121854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1900592     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10161      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16069      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          21565      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          22759      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          19304      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          10329      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          15991      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         105084      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2121854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082336                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460983                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1803242                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        62130                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          220671                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          351                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        35458                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31105                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1306247                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        35458                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1808628                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         13435                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        37124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          215627                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        11580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1304516                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1821211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6066744                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6066744                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1546027                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         275184                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           36614                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       122843                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        65049                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14444                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1301332                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1224690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          253                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399441                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2121854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1605360     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211344      9.96%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107143      5.05%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81942      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64134      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25786      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16434      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8524      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1187      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2121854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           303     13.75%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          788     35.77%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1112     50.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030741     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18221      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110810      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64766      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1224690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.529959                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2203                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001799                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4573690                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464589                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1204327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1226893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2400                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22388                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1144                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        35458                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1301636                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       122843                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65049                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10843                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11875                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        22718                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1206150                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             168803                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         170975                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            64752                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.521936                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1204395                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1204327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          692392                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1867935                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521147                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       901387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1109261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2086396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1631650     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225289     10.80%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85208      4.08%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40442      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33902      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19817      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17743      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7681      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24664      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2086396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       901387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1109261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               164360                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              100455                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           160027                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          999387                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        22852                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24664                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3363373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2638744                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 29313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                189061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            901387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1109261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       901387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.563732                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.563732                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5426880                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1679299                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1209099                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         190259                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       155793                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20252                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76734                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          72844                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19224                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1822293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1064970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            190259                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        92068                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              221078                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         56401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        42700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          113068                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20113                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2121987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1900909     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10111      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16071      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          21481      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          22731      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          19434      0.92%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          10083      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          16088      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         105079      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2121987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082331                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460843                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1803520                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        61870                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          220521                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          325                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        35749                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        31068                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1305663                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        35749                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1808944                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         13467                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        36699                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          215418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        11708                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1304111                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1821204                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6063300                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6063300                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1543992                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         277205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           37134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       122854                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        64962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14419                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1301124                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1224277                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400377                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2121987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1605506     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211468      9.97%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107680      5.07%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81362      3.83%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        63921      3.01%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25657      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16608      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8534      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1251      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2121987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          800     36.60%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1108     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030467     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18179      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110794      9.05%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64685      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1224277                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.529780                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4572985                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1465099                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1203453                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1226463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22544                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        35749                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         10822                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1181                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1301428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       122854                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        64962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10931                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12056                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        22987                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1205368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       103958                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             168630                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         170861                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            64672                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.521598                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1203521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1203453                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          692185                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1866741                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.520769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.370799                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       900222                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1107805                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193623                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        20313                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2086238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1632078     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225165     10.79%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84948      4.07%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40394      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33756      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19768      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17823      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7688      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24618      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2086238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       900222                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1107805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               164131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              100308                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           159809                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          998086                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        22823                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24618                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3363048                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2638618                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 29478                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                188928                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            900222                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1107805                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       900222                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.567050                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.567050                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.389552                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.389552                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5422645                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1678658                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1208551                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         190338                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       155892                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76894                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          72905                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1822374                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1066280                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            190338                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        92155                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              221353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         56307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        42675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          112964                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20020                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2122313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1900960     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          10149      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          16044      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          21519      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          22771      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          19244      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          10289      0.48%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          16059      0.76%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         105278      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2122313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082365                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461410                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1803656                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        61793                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          220761                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        35744                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31046                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1307613                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        35744                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1809108                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         13301                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        36791                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          215654                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        11713                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1305840                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1823079                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6072780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6072780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1545014                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         278025                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           37015                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       123101                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        65060                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14447                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1302672                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1225132                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          250                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164938                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404230                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2122313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1605849     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211312      9.96%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107259      5.05%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81569      3.84%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64242      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25840      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16479      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8551      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1212      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2122313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     13.31%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          794     36.07%     49.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1114     50.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1031039     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18235      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110917      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64789      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1225132                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530150                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2201                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4575027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1467921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1204682                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1227333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2439                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1185                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        35744                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10620                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1162                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1302976                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123101                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65060                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          999                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10900                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12000                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        22900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1206554                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             168851                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         170899                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            64775                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522111                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1204750                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1204682                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          692624                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1869147                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521301                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370556                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       900812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1108555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194401                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20224                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2086569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1632258     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225004     10.78%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85152      4.08%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40382      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33881      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19787      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17760      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7678      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24667      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2086569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       900812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1108555                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               164264                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              100389                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           159916                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          998762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        22839                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24667                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3364858                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2641685                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 29395                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                188602                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            900812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1108555                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       900812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.565369                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.565369                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.389808                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.389808                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5428548                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1679833                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1210107                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         186151                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152554                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20154                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70918                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18829                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          904                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1787954                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1062134                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            186151                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        89747                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              232479                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         57270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        60702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          111709                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19892                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2117944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1885465     89.02%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          24640      1.16%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          29156      1.38%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          15755      0.74%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          17620      0.83%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          10502      0.50%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6898      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          18043      0.85%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         109865      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2117944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.080553                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459616                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1772718                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        76556                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          230321                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1937                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        36409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        30074                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1295072                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2078                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        36409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1776018                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         15124                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        52900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          229004                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8486                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1293236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1800712                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6018998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6018998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1511377                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         289335                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           24170                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       123736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        66537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14072                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289757                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1212171                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1419                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174316                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404834                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2117944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1607165     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205634      9.71%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110297      5.21%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76517      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66737      3.15%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33658      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8437      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5460      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4039      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2117944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1120     42.39%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1199     45.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1015586     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18742      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111792      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65904      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1212171                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.524542                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2642                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4546347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1190209                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1214813                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3169                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23487                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1684                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        36409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10834                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1120                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290107                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          749                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10988                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11701                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        22689                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1192574                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104975                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             170847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         166443                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            65872                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.516061                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1190312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1190209                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          708693                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1854201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.515038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382209                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       887555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1088976                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20077                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2081535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1636494     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206707      9.93%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86490      4.16%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51720      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35725      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23271      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12283      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9584      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19261      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2081535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       887555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1088976                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               165102                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              100249                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           155855                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          981737                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        22148                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        19261                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3352380                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2616653                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 29480                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                192971                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            887555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1088976                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       887555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.603687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.603687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.384071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.384071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5379110                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1655295                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1208214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         210331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175253                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20750                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79524                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74478                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22079                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1815653                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1153192                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            210331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        96557                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              239112                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         58827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        52707                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          114368                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19755                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2145356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.661048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.042204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1906244     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          14356      0.67%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18092      0.84%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          29008      1.35%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12170      0.57%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15716      0.73%     93.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          18108      0.84%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8585      0.40%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         123077      5.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2145356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.091016                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.499020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1804924                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        64759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          237837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        37665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        31700                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1408173                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        37665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1807348                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5593                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        53464                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          235556                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1398300                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1953304                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6497275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6497275                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1598706                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         354595                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          338                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       132233                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        67553                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          803                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14948                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1362897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          341                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1296185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2145356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1598052     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248259     11.57%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102034      4.76%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57665      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77541      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24571      1.15%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23838      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12352      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1044      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2145356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9084     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1270     11.02%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1167     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092104     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17591      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119130      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67202      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1296185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.560897                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11521                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4750921                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1549480                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1260087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          991                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28190                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1431                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        37665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4191                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          527                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1363239                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132233                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67553                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12281                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        23734                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1271873                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116679                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             183847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         179341                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            67168                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.550376                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1260128                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1260087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          755160                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2028071                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372354                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930187                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1146389                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216857                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        20710                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2107691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1622262     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246305     11.69%     88.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89150      4.23%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44443      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40501      1.92%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17224      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17006      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8105      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22695      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2107691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       930187                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1146389                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               170164                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              104042                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           166203                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1032125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        22695                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3448229                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2764165                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 29344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                165559                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            930187                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1146389                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       930187                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.484355                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.484355                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.402519                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.402519                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5720851                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1762615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1301021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         174898                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156834                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15353                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118000                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114685                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          458                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1853987                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts               998205                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            174898                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       124273                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              221218                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         50920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        21147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          113439                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2131844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1910626     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          34555      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16289      0.76%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          33889      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4           9328      0.44%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          31647      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           4556      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           7867      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          83087      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2131844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075683                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431952                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1841899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        33914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          220649                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        35152                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        15519                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1107175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        35152                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1843643                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         18845                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        10258                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          218973                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         4967                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1104813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          819                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1440633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      4993778                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      4993778                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1135335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         305292                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           13337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       207585                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        29910                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          310                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         6337                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1097628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1016214                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       468398                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2131844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1689235     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132357      6.21%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154023      7.22%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87329      4.10%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44419      2.08%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11605      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12279      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          327      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          270      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2131844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1659     57.48%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          672     23.28%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          555     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791500     77.89%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7390      0.73%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187756     18.48%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29501      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1016214                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.439745                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2886                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4168061                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1317882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       987989                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1019100                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          869                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45702                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1175                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        35152                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         14031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          624                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1097764                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           44                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207585                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29910                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          343                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9427                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6696                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        16123                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1002783                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             214525                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         152650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            29491                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.433933                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent               988421                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count              987989                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          599692                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1273902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.427532                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.470752                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       784456                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       875461                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222355                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        15082                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2096692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1774328     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124105      5.92%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82011      3.91%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25386      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44266      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7925      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5157      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4567      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28947      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2096692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       784456                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       875461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               190614                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              161879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           134940                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          762908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        10247                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3165561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2230800                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 43489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                179071                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            784456                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              875461                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       784456                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.945882                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.945882                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.339457                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.339457                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4671647                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1281190                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1186617                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         179996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162120                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11245                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        70484                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9796                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          498                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1891911                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1129128                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            179996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        72372                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              222700                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         35667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        44077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          110328                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11130                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2182860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1960160     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           7814      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16388      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           6842      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          36113      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          32474      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6418      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          13322      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         103329      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2182860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077889                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488606                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1880669                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        55694                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          221766                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          730                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        23993                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        15889                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1323587                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        23993                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1883228                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         36974                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        11950                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          220038                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6669                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1321842                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          145                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1561409                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6219561                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6219561                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1346822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         214578                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          159                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           18628                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       308161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       154590                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1435                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7446                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1317235                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1255039                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       123583                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       301094                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2182860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1736456     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       133956      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109585      5.02%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47605      2.18%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60328      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57723      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32876      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2733      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1598      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2182860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3184     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24466     86.19%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          735      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791700     63.08%     63.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10976      0.87%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298345     23.77%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153943     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1255039                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.543092                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28385                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022617                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4722303                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1441023                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1242060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1283424                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2267                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15601                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        23993                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         33457                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1677                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1317393                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154590                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1161                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        12870                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1244723                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             451057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         162766                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           153899                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.538628                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1242175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1242060                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          672657                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1331129                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.537475                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.505328                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998759                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174021                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       143502                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        11281                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2158867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1732398     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156121      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        72991      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72000      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19487      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83783      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6535      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4571      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10981      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2158867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       998759                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1174021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               445565                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              292557                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           155143                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1044006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11427                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        10981                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3465409                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2659055                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 42885                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                128055                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            998759                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1174021                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       998759                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.313786                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.313786                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.432192                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.432192                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6143863                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1448790                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1566229                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         190207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       155729                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20215                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76994                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73020                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          904                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1822390                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1064919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            190207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        92267                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              221177                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         56400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        43008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          113055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20074                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2122527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1901350     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          10142      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16144      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          21490      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          22714      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          19281      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          10274      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          16099      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         105033      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2122527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1803544                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        62242                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          220625                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          329                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        35785                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        31086                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1305926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        35785                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1808965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         13550                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        36995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          215523                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        11707                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1304367                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1820989                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6065394                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6065394                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1543839                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         277136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           37048                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       122976                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        65014                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          732                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        14466                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1301345                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1224401                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164257                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       402450                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2122527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606261     75.68%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211452      9.96%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107274      5.05%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81360      3.83%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64037      3.02%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25749      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16610      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8504      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1280      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2122527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           279     12.76%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          796     36.41%     49.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1111     50.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030406     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18181      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110934      9.06%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64728      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1224401                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.529834                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4573771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1465913                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1203427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1226587                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2257                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22682                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1194                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        35785                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         10882                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1192                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1301649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       122976                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65014                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1019                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11921                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        22923                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1205369                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       103888                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             168603                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         170787                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            64715                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.521598                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1203495                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1203427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          692110                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1867218                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.520758                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370664                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       900135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1107694                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        20276                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2086742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1632707     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225092     10.79%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84971      4.07%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40299      1.93%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33776      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19737      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17800      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7706      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24654      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2086742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       900135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1107694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               164114                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              100294                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           159792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          997988                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        22822                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3363737                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2639096                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 29478                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                188388                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            900135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1107694                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       900135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.567298                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.567298                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.389515                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.389515                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5422505                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1678254                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1208449                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         190533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73008                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19257                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1823354                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1066505                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            190533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        92265                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              221565                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         55868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        42463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          112908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19922                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2122956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1901391     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10231      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16163      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          21570      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          22760      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          19285      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          10293      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          15862      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         105401      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2122956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461508                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1804797                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        61421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          220951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          378                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        35407                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31001                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1307844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        35407                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1810170                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         13277                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        36596                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          215941                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        11563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1306083                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1824393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6073949                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6073949                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1549818                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         274564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           36703                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       123172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        65081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          760                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        14393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1302861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1226354                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          249                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162051                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399167                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2122956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1605642     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211690      9.97%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107453      5.06%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82031      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64112      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25837      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16487      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8522      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1182      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2122956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     13.75%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          798     35.98%     49.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     50.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032023     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18263      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111116      9.06%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64800      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1226354                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530679                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2218                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001809                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4578131                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1465223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1205903                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1228572                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1034                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        35407                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         10568                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1303165                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10866                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        22803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1207798                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104317                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18556                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             169103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         171217                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            64786                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522649                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1205969                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1205903                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          693716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1870278                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521829                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370916                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       903572                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1111943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191216                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2087549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1631850     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225568     10.81%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85557      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40518      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33980      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19865      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17785      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7656      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24770      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2087549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       903572                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1111943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               164729                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              100682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           160416                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1001787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22902                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24770                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3365938                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2641740                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 29365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                187959                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            903572                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1111943                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       903572                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.557533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.557533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391002                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391002                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5434403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1682311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1210472                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         179840                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146615                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19157                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73958                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68596                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17858                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          832                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1744258                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1062847                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            179840                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        86454                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              218141                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         59498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        59520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          109075                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2061571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1843430     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11481      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18405      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          27416      1.33%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11585      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          13577      0.66%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          14203      0.69%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9989      0.48%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         111485      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2061571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077822                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1722771                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        81651                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          216548                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1253                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39345                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        29213                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1288039                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39345                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1726998                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         37279                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        31213                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          213715                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13018                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1285378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          963                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1759485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5991837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5991837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1451244                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         308236                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          285                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           38113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       129791                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        71840                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3622                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        13796                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1280882                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          284                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195756                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1722                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       451795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2061571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1552711     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206346     10.01%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113618      5.51%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        74976      3.64%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68592      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21338      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15164      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5404      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3422      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2061571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           338     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1188     40.49%     52.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1408     47.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984869     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21982      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118298      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70474      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195756                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.517438                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002454                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4457739                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1478184                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1173851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5599                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27017                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4615                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          953                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39345                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         28039                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1408                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1281166                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129791                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71840                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          710                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10300                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11814                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        22114                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1178265                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             182278                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         159704                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            70326                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.509869                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1173941                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1173851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          694646                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1763359                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.507959                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.393933                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       869368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1060311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221768                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        19492                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2022226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1592815     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204353     10.11%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84797      4.19%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43506      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32667      1.62%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18450      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11316      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9544      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24778      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2022226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       869368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1060311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               169996                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              102771                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           147240                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          958676                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        20694                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24778                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3279527                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2603514                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 31199                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                249344                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            869368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1060311                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       869368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.658155                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.658155                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.376201                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.376201                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5348282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1605146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1220538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2310915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         186258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152753                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20231                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70967                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18821                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          903                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1786451                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1062133                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            186258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        89788                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              232598                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         57694                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        61273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          111686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19942                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2117482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1884884     89.02%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          24662      1.16%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          29318      1.38%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          15757      0.74%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          17577      0.83%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          10511      0.50%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6884      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17931      0.85%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         109958      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2117482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.080599                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459616                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1771262                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        77074                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          230448                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1934                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        36761                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        29999                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1295211                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2066                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        36761                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1774576                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         14683                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        53889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          229128                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8442                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1293317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1800849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6018939                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6018939                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1508214                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         292635                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          338                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           24081                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       123794                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        66405                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14066                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289768                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1210824                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1422                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       411222                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2117482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1607459     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205190      9.69%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110103      5.20%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76504      3.61%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66729      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33569      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8401      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5467      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4060      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2117482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           321     12.26%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1107     42.27%     54.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1191     45.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1014539     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18712      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111705      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65722      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1210824                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.523959                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2619                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4543171                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1188770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3204                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23755                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1728                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        36761                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         10411                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1133                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290114                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123794                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66405                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          758                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        22810                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1191125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19699                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             170534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         166263                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            65687                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.515434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1188868                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1188770                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          707704                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1852274                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.514415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382073                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       885565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1086678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203448                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        20151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2080721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1636641     78.66%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206205      9.91%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86263      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51661      2.48%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35696      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23243      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12261      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9609      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19142      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2080721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       885565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1086678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               164716                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              100039                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           155589                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          979635                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22115                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        19142                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3351692                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2617019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 29535                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                193433                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            885565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1086678                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       885565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.609537                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.609537                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.383210                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.383210                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5372301                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1653364                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1207925                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3731                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32753.345357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1012741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          27.754693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           840.629216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.163440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   172.273512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.086534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   165.622281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.883078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    81.445907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.162387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   168.330995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.085027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   171.855727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.587692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    68.590228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.568664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    65.109792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.588773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    64.476335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.882615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    84.381148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.491841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    42.010522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.041985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    83.929453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.058058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   171.686649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.569678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    62.176042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.589575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    65.771333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.685232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   235.137366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.402544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    85.377180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2096.235145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2136.807972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1786.038623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2134.106880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2126.454468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1464.001353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1488.880247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1454.033055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1767.123782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1173.817563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2130.692600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2093.859811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1458.932998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1454.472507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          3399.572477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1724.665063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.025654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.005257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.005054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.005137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.005245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.005239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.007176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.063972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.065210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.054506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.065128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.064894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.044678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.045437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.044374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.053928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.035822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.065024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.063900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.044523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.044387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.103747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.052633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2108                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2108                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          462                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3726                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2135286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     48224296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2164567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     45913817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3816684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24718470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2168388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     47691713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2307501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47799072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2547177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20062022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2354782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18981874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2182758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19107286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3718147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24730748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4348040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13681416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1949829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22803216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2406343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     47449049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2147450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18653820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2144442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19217561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1930741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     70213213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3624351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25866267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       557060326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6957132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       6957132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2135286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     48224296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2164567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     45913817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3816684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24718470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2168388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     47691713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2307501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47799072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2547177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20062022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2354782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18981874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2182758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19107286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3718147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24730748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4348040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13681416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1949829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22803216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2406343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     47449049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2147450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18653820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2144442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19217561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1930741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     77170345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3624351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25866267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        564017458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2135286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     48224296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2164567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     45913817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3816684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24718470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2168388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     47691713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2307501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47799072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2547177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20062022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2354782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18981874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2182758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19107286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3718147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24730748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4348040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13681416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1949829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22803216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2406343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     47449049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2147450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18653820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2144442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19217561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1930741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     77170345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3624351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25866267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       564017458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2108                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2108                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.427567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.315992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.435146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.340541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.320537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.281346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.502691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.413344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.807018                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.427567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.314176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.435146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.340541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.279635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.526154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.415848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.427567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.314176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.435146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.340541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.279635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.526154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.415848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152520.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150700.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154611.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151032.292763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152667.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150722.378049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154884.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152858.054487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164821.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151262.886076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181941.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150842.270677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168198.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150649.793651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155911.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151645.126984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148725.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148088.311377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155287.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148711.043478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149986.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152021.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171881.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151594.405751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153389.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150434.032258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153174.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151319.377953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148518.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150349.492505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151014.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151264.719298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151375.088587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       151242                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       151242                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152520.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150700.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154611.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151032.292763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152667.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150722.378049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154884.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152858.054487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164821.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151262.886076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181941.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150842.270677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168198.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150649.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155911.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151645.126984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148725.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148088.311377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155287.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148711.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149986.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152021.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171881.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151594.405751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153389.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150434.032258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153174.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151319.377953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148518.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150429.522417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151014.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151264.719298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151373.445518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152520.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150700.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154611.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151032.292763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152667.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150722.378049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154884.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152858.054487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164821.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151262.886076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 181941.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150842.270677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168198.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150649.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155911.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151645.126984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148725.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148088.311377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155287.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148711.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149986.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152021.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171881.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151594.405751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153389.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150434.032258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153174.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151319.377953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148518.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150429.522417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151014.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151264.719298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151373.445518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1417                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1417                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1320557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29615696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1350984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28236942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2362337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15170711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1353297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29553690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1493240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29413456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1735185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12315246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1542307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11646305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1371852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11770938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2267690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15010687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2718149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8323883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1193493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     14067817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1593475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29240834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1334831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11432313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1330133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11826447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1173097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     43025482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2227483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15912913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342931470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4274848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4274848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1320557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29615696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1350984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28236942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2362337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15170711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1353297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29553690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1493240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29413456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1735185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12315246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1542307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11646305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1371852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11770938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2267690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15010687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2718149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8323883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1193493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     14067817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1593475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29240834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1334831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11432313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1330133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11826447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1173097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47300330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2227483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15912913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347206318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1320557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29615696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1350984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28236942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2362337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15170711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1353297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29553690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1493240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29413456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1735185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12315246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1542307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11646305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1371852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11770938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2267690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15010687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2718149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8323883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1193493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     14067817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1593475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29240834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1334831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11432313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1330133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11826447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1173097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47300330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2227483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15912913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347206318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.427567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.315992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.435146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.340541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.320537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.281346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.502691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.413344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.427567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.314176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.435146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.340541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.279635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.526154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.415848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.427567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.314176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.435146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.340541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.279635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.442716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.335135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.526154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.415848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94325.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92549.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96498.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92884.677632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94493.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92504.335366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96664.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94723.365385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       106660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93080.556962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 123941.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92595.834586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 110164.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92430.992063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97989.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93420.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90707.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89884.353293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97076.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90476.989130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91807.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93785.446667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 113819.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93421.194888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95345.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92196.072581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95009.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93121.629921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90238.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92131.653105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92811.791667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93057.970760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93187.899457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92931.478261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92931.478261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94325.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92549.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96498.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92884.677632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94493.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92504.335366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96664.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94723.365385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       106660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93080.556962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 123941.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92595.834586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 110164.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92430.992063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97989.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93420.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90707.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89884.353293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97076.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90476.989130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91807.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93785.446667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 113819.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93421.194888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95345.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92196.072581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95009.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93121.629921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90238.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92203.372320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92811.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93057.970760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93184.733763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94325.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92549.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96498.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92884.677632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94493.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92504.335366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96664.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94723.365385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       106660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93080.556962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 123941.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92595.834586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 110164.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92430.992063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97989.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93420.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90707.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89884.353293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97076.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90476.989130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91807.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93785.446667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 113819.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93421.194888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95345.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92196.072581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95009.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93121.629921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90238.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92203.372320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92811.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93057.970760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93184.733763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.162564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.100539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.162564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2490580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2490580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2490580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2490580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2490580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2490580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166038.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166038.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166038.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166038.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166038.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166038.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2282626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2282626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2282626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2282626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2282626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2282626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163044.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163044.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163044.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163044.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163044.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163044.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             290228.260062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.807267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.192733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.393778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.606222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    314564079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    314564079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    314564079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    314564079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    314564079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    314564079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       435995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       435995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122398.474319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122398.474319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122398.474319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122398.474319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122398.474319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122398.474319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     80514462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80514462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     80514462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80514462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     80514462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80514462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112923.509116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112923.509116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112923.509116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112923.509116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112923.509116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112923.509116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              556.085628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750118247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1346711.394973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.085628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       110415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       110415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         110415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       110415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        110415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2580956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2580956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2580956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2580956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2580956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2580956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       110431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       110431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       110431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       110431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       110431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161309.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161309.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161309.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161309.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161309.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161309.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2350933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2350933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2350933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2350933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2350933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2350933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167923.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167923.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167923.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167923.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167923.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167923.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              281231275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             290828.619442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   100.687562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   155.312438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.393311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.606689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       280633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       152883                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152883                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       433516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         433516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       433516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        433516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    305402222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305402222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    305402222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    305402222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    305402222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    305402222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       283155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       152883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       436038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       436038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121095.250595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121095.250595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121095.250595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121095.250595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121095.250595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121095.250595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     79160102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79160102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     79160102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79160102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     79160102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79160102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111336.289733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111336.289733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111336.289733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111336.289733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111336.289733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111336.289733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              501.361830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              732326845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1441588.277559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.361830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.031029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       111696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       111696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         111696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       111696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        111696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5397803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5397803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5397803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5397803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5397803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5397803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       111728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       111728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       111728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       111728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       111728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168681.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168681.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168681.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168681.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168681.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168681.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4580271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4580271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4580271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176164.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176164.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176164.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176164.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176164.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176164.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              115427577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             148364.494859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   157.997242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    98.002758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.617177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.382823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        76766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        64432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       141198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         141198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       141198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        141198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    213424720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213424720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4997702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4997702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    218422422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    218422422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    218422422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    218422422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        78500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        64479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       142979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       142979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000729                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000729                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123082.306805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123082.306805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106334.085106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106334.085106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122640.326783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122640.326783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122640.326783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122640.326783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51564748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51564748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       229345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       229345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51794093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51794093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51794093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51794093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99354.042389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99354.042389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 76448.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76448.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99222.400383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99222.400383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99222.400383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99222.400383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.161497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750118138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1346711.199282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.161497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         110306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        110306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2540777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2540777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2540777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2540777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2540777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2540777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       110321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       110321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169385.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169385.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169385.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169385.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169385.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169385.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2332961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2332961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2332961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2332961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2332961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2332961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166640.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166640.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166640.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166640.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166640.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166640.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              281231183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             289035.131552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   100.714017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   155.285983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.393414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.606586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       280500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       433424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         433424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       433424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        433424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    309795128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    309795128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    309795128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    309795128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    309795128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    309795128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       283048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       152924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       435972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       435972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121583.645212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121583.645212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121583.645212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121583.645212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121583.645212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121583.645212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1831                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1831                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80611512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80611512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80611512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80611512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80611512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80611512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112428.887029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112428.887029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112428.887029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112428.887029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112428.887029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112428.887029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.084086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750118229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1346711.362657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.084086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.020968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       110397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       110397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         110397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       110397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        110397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2759683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2759683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2759683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2759683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2759683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2759683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       110413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       110413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       110413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       110413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       110413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172480.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172480.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172480.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172480.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172480.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172480.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2529638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2529638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2529638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2529638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2529638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2529638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180688.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180688.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180688.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180688.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180688.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180688.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              281230999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             289928.864948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   100.672075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   155.327925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.393250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.606750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       280503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       433240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         433240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       433240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        433240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    307678182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    307678182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    307678182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    307678182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    307678182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    307678182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       283039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       152737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       435776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       435776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121324.204259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121324.204259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121324.204259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121324.204259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121324.204259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121324.204259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     80136663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80136663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     80136663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80136663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     80136663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80136663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112236.222689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112236.222689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112236.222689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112236.222689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112236.222689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112236.222689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.586654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              731806500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1496536.809816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.586654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       112834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       112834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         112834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       112834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        112834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3152769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3152769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3152769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3152769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3152769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3152769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       112849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       112849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       112849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       112849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       112849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210184.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210184.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210184.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210184.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210184.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210184.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2867455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2867455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2867455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2867455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2867455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2867455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 204818.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204818.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 204818.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204818.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 204818.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204818.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              110531351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             176567.653355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   139.716758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   116.283242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.545769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.454231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        76287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        63618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         139905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        139905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150173072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150173072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150173072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150173072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150173072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150173072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        77503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        63618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       141121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       141121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123497.592105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123497.592105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123497.592105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123497.592105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123497.592105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123497.592105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37839733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37839733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37839733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37839733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37839733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37839733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102269.548649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102269.548649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102269.548649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102269.548649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102269.548649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102269.548649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              488.567809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              731806719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1496537.257669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.567809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       113053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       113053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         113053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       113053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        113053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2755568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2755568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2755568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2755568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2755568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2755568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       113068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       113068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       113068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       113068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       113068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183704.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183704.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183704.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183704.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183704.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183704.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2498260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2498260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2498260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2498260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2498260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2498260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178447.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178447.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178447.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178447.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178447.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178447.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              110531260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             176567.507987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   139.795031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   116.204969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.546074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.453926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        76278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        63536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       139814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         139814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       139814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        139814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    145944098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145944098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    145944098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    145944098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    145944098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    145944098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        77498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       141034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       141034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119626.309836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119626.309836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119626.309836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119626.309836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119626.309836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119626.309836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     36728451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36728451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     36728451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36728451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     36728451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36728451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99266.083784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99266.083784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99266.083784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99266.083784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99266.083784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99266.083784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              488.587914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              731806615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1496537.044990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.587914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       112949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       112949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         112949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       112949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        112949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2599778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2599778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2599778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2599778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2599778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2599778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       112964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       112964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       112964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       112964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       112964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173318.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173318.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173318.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173318.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173318.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173318.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2325476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2325476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2325476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166105.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166105.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166105.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166105.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166105.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166105.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              110531316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             176567.597444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   139.757202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   116.242798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.545927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.454073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        76282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        63588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         139870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        139870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    148171389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148171389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    148171389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148171389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    148171389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148171389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        77510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        63588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       141098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       141098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120660.740228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120660.740228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120660.740228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120660.740228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120660.740228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120660.740228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37186630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37186630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37186630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37186630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37186630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37186630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100504.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100504.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100504.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100504.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100504.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100504.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.361107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              732326825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1441588.238189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.361107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.031027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       111676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       111676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         111676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       111676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        111676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5413998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5413998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5413998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5413998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5413998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5413998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       111709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       111709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       111709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       111709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       111709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164060.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164060.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164060.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164060.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164060.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164060.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4604248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4604248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4604248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4604248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4604248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4604248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177086.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177086.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177086.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177086.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177086.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177086.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              115427433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             147983.888462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   157.964914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    98.035086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.617050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.382950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        76572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        64482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       141054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         141054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       141054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        141054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    213577494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213577494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5876445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5876445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    219453939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219453939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    219453939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219453939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        78315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        64529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       142844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       142844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122534.419966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122534.419966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125030.744681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125030.744681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122599.965922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122599.965922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122599.965922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122599.965922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     51969138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51969138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       223806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       223806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52192944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52192944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52192944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52192944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99748.825336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99748.825336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        74602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99604.854962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99604.854962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99604.854962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99604.854962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              476.596561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              735275170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1516031.278351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.596561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.034610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         114329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        114329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6132489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6132489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6132489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6132489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6132489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6132489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       114368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       114368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157243.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157243.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157243.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157243.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157243.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157243.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4862743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4862743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4862743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4862743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4862743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4862743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162091.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162091.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162091.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162091.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162091.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162091.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              106621419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             182258.835897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   124.104488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   131.895512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.484783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.515217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        89581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        65787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         155368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        155368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85773221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85773221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       542700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     86315921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     86315921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     86315921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     86315921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        90429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        65794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101147.666274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101147.666274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77528.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77528.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100954.293567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100954.293567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100954.293567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100954.293567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30227138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30227138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       133365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30360503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30360503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30360503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30360503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92437.730887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92437.730887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66682.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66682.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92281.164134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92281.164134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92281.164134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92281.164134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.041199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              627179967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1163599.196660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.041199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       113426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       113426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         113426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       113426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        113426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2194229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2194229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2194229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2194229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2194229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2194229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       113439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       113439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168786.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168786.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168786.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168786.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168786.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168786.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2058129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2058129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2058129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2058129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2058129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2058129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158317.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158317.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158317.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158317.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158317.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158317.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              147679595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             222744.487179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   137.600108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   118.399892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.537500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.462500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       170609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       199209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         199209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       199209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        199209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    150524414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150524414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    150524414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150524414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    150524414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150524414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       171997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        28600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       200597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       200597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108446.984150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108446.984150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108446.984150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108446.984150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108446.984150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108446.984150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41936374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41936374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41936374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41936374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41936374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41936374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103037.773956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103037.773956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103037.773956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103037.773956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103037.773956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103037.773956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.057151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750118144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1346711.210054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.057151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.020925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       110312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       110312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         110312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       110312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        110312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2810882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2810882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2810882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2810882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2810882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2810882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       110328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       110328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       110328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       110328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       110328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 175680.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175680.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 175680.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175680.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 175680.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175680.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2589738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2589738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2589738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2589738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2589738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2589738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 184981.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184981.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 184981.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184981.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 184981.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184981.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              281230992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             292036.336449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   100.399657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   155.600343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.392186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.607814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       280377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       433235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         433235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       433235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        433235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    307845751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    307845751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    307845751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    307845751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    307845751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    307845751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       282917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       282917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       152858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       435775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       435775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121199.114567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121199.114567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121199.114567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121199.114567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121199.114567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121199.114567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     79625104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79625104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     79625104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79625104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     79625104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79625104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112623.909477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112623.909477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112623.909477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112623.909477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112623.909477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112623.909477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              488.568833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              731806706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1496537.231084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.568833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         113040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        113040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2531147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2531147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2531147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2531147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2531147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2531147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       113055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       113055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168743.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168743.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168743.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168743.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168743.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168743.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2271868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2271868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2271868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2271868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2271868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2271868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162276.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162276.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162276.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162276.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162276.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162276.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              110531290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             176567.555911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   139.852026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   116.147974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.546297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.453703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        76311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        63533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         139844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        139844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146106173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146106173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146106173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    146106173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146106173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    146106173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        63533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       141058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       141058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120351.048600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120351.048600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120351.048600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120351.048600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120351.048600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120351.048600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36870220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36870220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36870220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36870220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36870220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36870220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99649.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99649.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99649.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99649.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99649.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99649.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              488.588729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              731806559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1496536.930470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.588729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       112893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       112893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         112893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       112893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        112893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2515155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2515155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2515155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2515155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2515155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2515155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       112908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       112908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       112908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       112908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       112908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       167677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       167677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       167677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       167677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       167677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       167677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2262737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2262737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2262737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161624.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161624.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161624.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161624.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161624.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161624.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              110531604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             176568.057508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   139.829132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   116.170868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.546208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.453792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        76398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        63760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       140158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         140158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       140158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        140158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    147936053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147936053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    147936053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    147936053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    147936053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    147936053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        77620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        63760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       141380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       141380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121060.599836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121060.599836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121060.599836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121060.599836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121060.599836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121060.599836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37105816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37105816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37105816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37105816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37105816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37105816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100285.989189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100285.989189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100285.989189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100285.989189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100285.989189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100285.989189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.684433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              735400046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1464940.330677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.684433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       109059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       109059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         109059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       109059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        109059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2327899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2327899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2327899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2327899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2327899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2327899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       109075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       109075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       109075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       109075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       109075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 145493.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145493.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 145493.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145493.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 145493.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145493.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2051643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2051643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2051643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2051643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2051643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2051643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157818.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157818.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157818.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157818.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157818.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157818.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              122588689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             99584.637693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.362775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    65.637225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.743605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.256395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        82102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        66534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       148636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         148636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       148636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        148636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    294481940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294481940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     61232903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61232903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    355714843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    355714843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    355714843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    355714843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        84339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        66875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       151214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       151214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 131641.457309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131641.457309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 179568.630499                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179568.630499                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 137980.932118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137980.932118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 137980.932118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137980.932118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    107295470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107295470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7390362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7390362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    114685832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114685832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    114685832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114685832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000688                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000688                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115495.662002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115495.662002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160660.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160660.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117626.494359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117626.494359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117626.494359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117626.494359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              500.881245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              732326802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1444431.562130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.881245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.030258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       111653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       111653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         111653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       111653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        111653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5244564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5244564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5244564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5244564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5244564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5244564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       111686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       111686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       111686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       111686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       111686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158926.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158926.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158926.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158926.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158926.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158926.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4396217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4396217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4396217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4396217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4396217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4396217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175848.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175848.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175848.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175848.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175848.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175848.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              115427146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             149130.679587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   157.986128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    98.013872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.617133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.382867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        76463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        64308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         140771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        140771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    212395392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212395392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4904431                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4904431                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    217299823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217299823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    217299823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217299823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       142538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       142538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000746                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000746                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123557.528796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123557.528796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102175.645833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102175.645833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122976.696661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122976.696661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122976.696661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122976.696661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52256099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52256099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       209737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52465836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52465836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52465836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52465836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101468.153398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101468.153398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69912.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69912.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101285.397683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101285.397683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101285.397683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101285.397683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
