
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132216                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132216411912                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               697514843739                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 304844                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   382916                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2118042                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 62423.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 19029563363                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23903121132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2668160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4428288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2796672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      5197824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2677376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2833536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2811904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1305728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4439424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      5182848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1306368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      5197440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2754816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2766592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      5201664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1305856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             52954112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     14941568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          14941568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        34596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        21849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        40608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        22137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        21968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        10201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        34683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        40491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        10206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        40605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        21522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        21614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        40638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        10202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                413704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20180248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33492726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21152230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        36788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39313002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        34852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20249952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        34852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21431046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        38724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21267435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9875688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33576951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39199733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9880528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39310097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20835658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        37756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20924725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        35820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39342045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        38724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9876656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               400510884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        36788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        34852                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        34852                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        38724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        37756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        35820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        38724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             602164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         113008421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              113008421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         113008421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        33884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20180248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        37756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33492726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21152230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        36788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39313002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        34852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20249952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        34852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21431046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        38724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21267435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        41629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9875688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        38724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33576951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        37756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39199733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        39693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9880528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        37756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39310097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        37756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20835658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        37756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20924725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        35820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39342045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        38724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9876656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              513519305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21814672                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471928                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739713                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14495219                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14215050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310021                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230380878                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123952217                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21814672                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15525071                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27624746                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5723289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9429790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13943684                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707490                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    271409233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      243784487     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4205351      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2134346      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4160175      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1333958      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3842202      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         607923      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         988804      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10351987      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    271409233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068802                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.390935                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228368372                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11495460                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27569613                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22369                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3953415                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064505                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138666901                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38402                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3953415                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228599794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       7442806                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      3316748                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27337941                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       758525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138461324                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       570473                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181484344                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627591202                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627591202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34450014                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9404                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1800941                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24954728                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26336                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       927366                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137747701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18657                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128941869                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82715                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24979604                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51157536                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271409233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214914892     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17745417      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18938092      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10957184      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679205      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420571      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681206      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39523      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33143      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271409233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215497     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88575     23.49%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72931     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101121244     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013100      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22766494     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031841      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128941869                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406672                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377003                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529752689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162746299                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125660070                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129318872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101478                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5116663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          343                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100247                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953415                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6613883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92304                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137766455                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24954728                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9400                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46257                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2656                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          343                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172931                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1844267                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127311309                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22445303                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26476949                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19342634                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031646                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125689278                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125660070                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76023863                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165702418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396322                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458798                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25156024                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1728856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267455818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225500168     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16500370      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10566565      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351792      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530169      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082474      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686179      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627820      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610281      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267455818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610281                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          401617168                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279500607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5144985                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              45656504                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.170657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.170657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315392                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315392                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591720693                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163747063                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147230676                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       22247730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18191191                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2173942                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9419352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8800036                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2290895                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216108391                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            126143225                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          22247730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11090931                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            26451692                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6289033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     10091455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13286654                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2188309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    256718548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      230266856     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1436320      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2268301      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3598424      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1505049      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1692050      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1774637      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1163821      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13013090      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    256718548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070168                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.397846                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      214081684                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     12134363                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        26369781                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        66213                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4066505                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3650335                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          483                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    154051733                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         3155                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4066505                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      214396704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2410092                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      8771028                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        26126697                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       947520                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    153953196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        49699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       263351                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       344065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        75590                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    213722452                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    716146842                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    716146842                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    182735995                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30986457                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        39833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22165                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2772852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14684009                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7894928                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       237811                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1790873                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        153743568                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39950                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       145674430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183789                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19203603                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42586984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4321                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256718548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195236879     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24704853      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13508246      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9188829      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8581370      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2478432      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1917845      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       654864      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447230      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256718548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33810     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102024     38.23%     50.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131047     49.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122035117     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2299110      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17665      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13468921      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7853617      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    145674430                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266881                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    548518078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    172988723                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143346121                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    145941311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       442799                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2624592                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          432                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1631                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229240                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9069                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4066505                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1492835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       132460                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153783674                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14684009                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7894928                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22154                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97625                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1631                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1272612                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1236937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2509549                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143611322                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12672077                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2063108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 156                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20523718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20223931                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7851641                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.452939                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            143347014                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           143346121                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        83818212                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       218885584                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452102                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382932                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107334932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    131563319                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22220976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35629                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2220454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252652043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199248034     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25860601     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10068220      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5426564      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4063834      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2267318      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1397484      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1250148      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3069840      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252652043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    107334932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    131563319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19725105                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12059417                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             17776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18885122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       118548165                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2672362                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3069840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          403365783                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         311635300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3499860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              60347189                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         107334932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           131563319                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    107334932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.953985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.953985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      647630221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     198704032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     143703801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        35596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23316294                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19121017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2283721                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9710839                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9112972                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2392440                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102483                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222519211                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            132468134                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23316294                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11505412                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            29143743                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6482895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     20545096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13708725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2268806                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    276368470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      247224727     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3161171      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3658348      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2010055      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2308088      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1276904      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         869611      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2253883      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13605683      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    276368470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073538                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417794                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      220708494                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     22389981                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        28899343                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       231460                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4139188                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3784582                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        21235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    161705612                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts       104343                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4139188                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      221062053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       7719476                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     13679586                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        28787714                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       980449                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    161605410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       253258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       451943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    224583055                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    752371081                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    752371081                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    191848974                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       32734081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        42380                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23672                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2620105                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15430178                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8400568                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221383                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1865655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        161350400                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       152525014                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       214392                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20097717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46385324                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4782                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276368470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    212095240     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25854923      9.36%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13893934      5.03%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9611223      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8403137      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4295084      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1044186      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       670474      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       500269      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276368470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40406     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       138707     42.45%     54.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147603     45.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127676348     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2382847      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18683      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14105646      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8341490      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    152525014                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.481052                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            326716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    581959606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181492018                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149986452                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    152851730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       383953                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2719370                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1007                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1441                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       177540                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9343                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3572                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4139188                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       7181368                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       170534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161392997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74085                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15430178                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8400568                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23640                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119424                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1441                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1325271                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1279428                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2604699                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150273138                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13246271                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2251876                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21585825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21033096                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8339554                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473949                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            149988824                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           149986452                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        89134533                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       233451688                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473045                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381811                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112658330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    138217797                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23176518                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37681                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2296789                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272229282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215761799     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26184302      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10974547      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6599881      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4562468      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2950258      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1527296      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1230028      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2438703      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272229282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    112658330                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    138217797                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20933836                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12710808                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             18800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19782544                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       124607599                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2812040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2438703                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          431184140                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         326927898                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3408650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              40697267                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         112658330                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           138217797                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    112658330                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.814401                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.814401                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355315                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355315                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      677853445                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     208162452                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     150915628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        37646                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21402862                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19312919                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1125881                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8614488                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7676360                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1182775                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        50013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227373242                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            134493611                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21402862                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      8859135                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26619227                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3532972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     31145809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13046482                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1131076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    287517011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      260897784     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         951385      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1947887      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         831927      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        4421730      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3945401      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         771169      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1588637      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12161091      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    287517011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424182                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      225014253                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     33518480                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26520973                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        84997                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2378303                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1878116                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          435                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    157720404                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2391                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2378303                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      225313119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      31123567                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1363056                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26341973                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       996988                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    157633298                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       507881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       326525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        16259                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    185048084                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    742403294                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    742403294                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    164177335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       20870749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        18290                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2294492                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     37214511                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     18823596                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       171993                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       913420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        157333101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       151300918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        89598                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12097452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28892397                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287517011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233134646     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16637847      5.79%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13441378      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5794079      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7244147      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6862275      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3899809      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311379      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191451      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287517011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380179     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2905883     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84708      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94909479     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1318638      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9058      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36290447     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18773296     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    151300918                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.477191                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3370770                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593579215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169452865                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150005735                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    154671688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272953                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1449916                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          596                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3978                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       123223                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13333                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2378303                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      30350083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       295601                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157351544                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37214511                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18823596                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9230                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       182501                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          164                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3978                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       661209                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658895                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1320104                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150246659                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36168759                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1054259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           54939934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19685744                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         18771175                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473866                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            150009565                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           150005735                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        81035552                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       159940203                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.473106                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506662                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121862819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    143210015                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14158679                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18256                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1150945                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285138708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    232991233     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19196851      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8940154      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8790308      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2434101      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10058343      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764121      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559689      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1403908      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285138708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    121862819                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    143210015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             54464968                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            35764595                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              9114                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18911180                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       127348622                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1387140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1403908                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          441103130                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         317115930                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4884503                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              29548726                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         121862819                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           143210015                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    121862819                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.601825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.601825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384346                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384346                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      742796640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     174195278                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     187812413                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        18228                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21862664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19515699                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1742920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14530019                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14250793                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1312906                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230917194                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            124213172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21862664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     15563699                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27686297                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5733681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      9362483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13975155                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1710781                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    271946956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      244260659     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        4215273      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2139661      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        4170362      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1337049      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3852246      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         609874      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         989831      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10372001      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    271946956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068953                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.391758                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      228900887                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     11431937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        27631268                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        22324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3960536                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      2068569                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        20416                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    138959592                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        38382                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3960536                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      229132411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       7360920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3334202                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        27399734                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       759149                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    138754642                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       107788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       570682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    181858525                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    628916573                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    628916573                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    147362704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       34495805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        18636                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9428                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1800161                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     25015388                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      4074065                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26671                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       925795                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        138042916                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18699                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       129225758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82704                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25020576                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51232997                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271946956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215325517     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17785381      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18982857      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10982602      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5689350      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1424092      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1684439      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39381      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33337      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271946956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215780     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88790     23.52%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72989     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101341137     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1014678      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9208      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22820998     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4039737      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    129225758                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.407568                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377559                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530858735                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    163082532                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125937651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    129603317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102221                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5128313                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100378                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3960536                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       6529432                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92732                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138061721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25015388                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4074065                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9424                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2648                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176064                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671990                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1848054                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127592269                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22499196                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1633489                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 106                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           26538741                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19386459                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          4039545                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.402416                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            125966428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           125937651                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        76193079                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       166049808                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.397197                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.458857                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100230123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    112870775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25196567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1732048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267986420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225938751     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16535674      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10589747      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3358941      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5543110      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1084353      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686748      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628677      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3620419      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267986420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100230123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    112870775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             23860759                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            19887072                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              9265                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17307462                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        98657457                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1414880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3620419                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          402432966                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         280098403                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               5155679                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              45118781                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100230123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           112870775                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100230123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.163378                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.163378                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.316118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.316118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      593035904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     164101588                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     147546840                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        18550                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       23271076                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19082847                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2277084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9574707                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9086843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2385789                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102239                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222013314                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            132272573                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          23271076                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     11472632                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            29091369                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6478139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     20573486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13678407                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2262428                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    275840965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      246749596     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3155737      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3651967      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2002883      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2301961      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1267127      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         866399      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        2254036      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13591259      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    275840965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073395                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.417177                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      220204300                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     22416817                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        28848483                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       229773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4141588                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3778739                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        21210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    161459952                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts       104081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4141588                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      220556627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       7376857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     14051932                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        28736970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       976987                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    161361150                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       253371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       450331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    224238218                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    751279044                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    751279044                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    191423689                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       32814512                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        41974                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23317                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2610495                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     15395183                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      8389665                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1863577                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        161104881                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42045                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       152224717                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213832                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20172774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46666284                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4448                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275840965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211703479     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25789676      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13857156      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9606977      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8389222      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4288837      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1039530      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       667159      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       498929      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275840965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39778     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       139702     42.77%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147135     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127423388     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2381652      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18642      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14070926      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8330109      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    152224717                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.480105                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            326615                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580830846                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181321140                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149698390                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    152551332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       382775                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2712537                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          985                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1444                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       184887                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9322                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3206                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4141588                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       6820627                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       169316                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161147057                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15395183                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8389665                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23269                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       118288                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1444                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1318704                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1278659                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2597363                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149983080                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13215127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2241637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           21543328                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       20987697                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          8328201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473035                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            149700665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           149698390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        88965522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       233035869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.472137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381768                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112408462                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    137911434                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23237090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2290032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271699377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215359433     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26126897      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10950197      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6580327      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4553535      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2941738      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1524846      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1227976      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2434428      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271699377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    112408462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    137911434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             20887424                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            12682646                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             18758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         19738790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       124331343                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2805822                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2434428                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          430412719                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         326438717                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3400080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              41224772                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         112408462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           137911434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    112408462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.820657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.820657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.354527                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.354527                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      676527405                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     207757896                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     150685708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        37562                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23252898                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19072525                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2277160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9650056                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9090375                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2385645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102166                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    221952153                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            132120389                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23252898                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11476020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29070011                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6464277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     20727316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13672829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2262429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    275897929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      246827918     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3154285      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3654905      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2003815      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2302102      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1270929      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         868398      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        2243127      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13572450      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    275897929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.416697                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      220151098                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     22562136                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        28827114                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       230299                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4127278                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3770862                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        21172                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    161273161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts       103972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4127278                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      220503334                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       7849845                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     13727121                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28715715                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       974632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    161172000                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       251047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       449874                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    223993676                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    750379473                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    750379473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    191361894                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       32631782                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        42162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23497                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2608751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15382381                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8378341                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221338                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1859364                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        160915807                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42237                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152112290                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       212485                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20029891                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46281323                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4652                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275897929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211794678     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25787692      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13853787      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9592665      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8380242      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4281310      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1040795      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       667339      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       499421      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275897929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40477     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       137469     42.28%     54.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147209     45.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127331373     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2377285      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18636      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14066376      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8318620      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152112290                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.479750                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            325155                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002138                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580660149                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180989384                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149586238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    152437445                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       381835                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2703809                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          929                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1452                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       176182                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9318                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3559                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4127278                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       7293510                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       170188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160958178                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15382381                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8378341                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23466                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119634                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1452                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1322633                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1274523                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2597156                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149870738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13210587                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2241552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21527000                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20975148                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8316413                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.472680                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            149588623                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           149586238                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        88900423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       232823562                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.471783                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112372213                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    137866958                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23092671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37585                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2290196                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271770651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215442464     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26121167      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10947038      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6583144      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4552425      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2943279      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1522946      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1226992      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2431196      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271770651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112372213                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    137866958                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20880731                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12678572                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19732412                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124291260                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2804919                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2431196                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          430298330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         326046618                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3397798                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              41167808                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112372213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           137866958                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112372213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.821567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.821567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.354413                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.354413                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      676046674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     207613942                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     150518478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37550                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       27492226                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22893912                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2503433                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10715603                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10079480                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2957788                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116534                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239450249                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            150886098                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          27492226                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     13037268                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            31453651                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6948444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     21615586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5659                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          124                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        14867978                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2392287                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    296947625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      265493974     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1930151      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2439815      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3876867      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1616485      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2086108      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2438788      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1111389      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       15954048      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    296947625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086708                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      238052561                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     23154916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        31302407                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        16120                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4421616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      4180217                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          742                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    184381094                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4421616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      238295592                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        773422                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     21705298                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        31075862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       675825                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    183243840                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        96936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       471671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    255943964                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    852165068                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    852165068                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    214389425                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       41554539                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        44886                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23646                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2373291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     17140227                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8975088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       105735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      2087665                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        178928261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        45041                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       171759117                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21546581                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43680120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2205                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296947625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224140304     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33197160     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13631210      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7593462      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10283006      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3169261      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3122278      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1680398      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130546      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296947625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1184783     79.25%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157801     10.56%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152430     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144687484     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2352442      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21239      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15751933      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8946019      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    171759117                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541715                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1495015                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    642131237                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200520817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167297782                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    173254132                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       128583                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3190521                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          939                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116839                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4421616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        588027                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74027                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178973306                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       138810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17140227                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8975088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23647                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64476                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           80                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          939                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1488662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1395940                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2884602                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168770895                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15496051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2988222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           24441350                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       23861668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8945299                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532290                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            167298283                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           167297782                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers       100249939                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       269191898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527644                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372411                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124752802                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    153720983                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25253074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42836                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2524663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292526009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227475639     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32962486     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11963352      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5971617      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5451198      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2295957      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2266282      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1081151      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3058327      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292526009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    124752802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    153720983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             22807955                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            13949706                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             21370                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         22275678                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       138399153                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      3171850                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3058327                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          468440881                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         362369761                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3629472                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              20118112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         124752802                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           153720983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    124752802                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.541552                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.541552                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393460                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393460                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      759480132                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     233748891                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     170599181                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        42800                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       22294991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18229210                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2178592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9409322                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8818617                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2296090                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216630193                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            126413188                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          22294991                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     11114707                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26503567                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6301108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      9984617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13317665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2192750                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    257192725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      230689158     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1434178      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2268881      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3606899      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1510499      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1695519      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1778607      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1172053      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13036931      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    257192725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070317                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.398697                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      214593377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     12037694                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26421522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        66285                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4073845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3658355                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          481                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    154386859                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3145                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4073845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      214904009                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2458244                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      8629183                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26182777                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       944665                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    154292125                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        44112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       263813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       344340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        72058                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    214185277                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    717715536                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    717715536                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    183166699                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       31018566                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        40021                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22311                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2773554                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14716287                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7913388                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238609                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1797062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        154095076                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40140                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       146006777                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183848                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19236406                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42671892                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4430                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257192725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195570833     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24762845      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13535998      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9209132      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8604374      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2483279      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1921381      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       656701      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448182      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257192725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33944     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102481     38.27%     50.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131377     49.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122315825     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2304403      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17706      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13496998      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7871845      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    146006777                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.460494                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267802                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    549657929                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173373219                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143680126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    146274579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       444348                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2628517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          432                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1631                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229738                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9082                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4073845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1520371                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       133035                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154135368                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        17020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14716287                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7913388                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22301                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98319                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1631                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1276392                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1239133                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2515525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143944358                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12701066                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2062419                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20570941                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       20270630                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7869875                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.453989                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            143681010                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           143680126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        84007214                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       219389243                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.453156                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382914                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107587733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    131873200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22262844                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35710                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2225217                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253118880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199588726     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25921998     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10090921      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5440246      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4073888      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2272094      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1400752      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1253952      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3076303      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253118880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    107587733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    131873200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19771418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12087768                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18929674                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       118827335                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2678661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3076303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          404177906                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         312346177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3508695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              59873012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         107587733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           131873200                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    107587733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.947044                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.947044                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.339323                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.339323                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      649134944                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     199160640                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     144015581                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        35678                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       21366863                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19281155                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1121833                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8367053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7651166                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1182649                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49746                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226912182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            134291815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          21366863                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8833815                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26571819                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3523846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     31563127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13018557                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1126310                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    287420959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      260849140     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         950165      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1936998      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         832532      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4414525      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3941759      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         766732      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1586521      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12142587      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    287420959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423546                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      224592486                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     33896764                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26474024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        84281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2373399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1873877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          438                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    157461336                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2400                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2373399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      224889230                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      31522549                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1360842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26296282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       978652                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    157375082                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       496416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       323278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12557                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    184750492                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    741203327                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    741203327                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    163909076                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       20841414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        18827                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9781                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2272318                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     37148060                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     18789787                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172275                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       911364                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        157074175                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18882                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       151026465                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85481                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12085445                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28930672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          653                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287420959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233178542     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16568833      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13397803      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5785601      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7237233      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6854802      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3895997      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       310885      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191263      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287420959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380467     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2902443     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84726      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94734134     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1317516      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9043      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36222127     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18743645     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    151026465                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.476325                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3367636                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592927006                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169182463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149740986                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    154394101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273610                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1439662                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          591                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3969                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118885                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13307                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2373399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      30769452                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       294683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157093149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37148060                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18789787                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9781                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       182420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          196                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3969                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       657306                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658371                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1315677                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149977015                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36106806                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1049450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           54848374                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19652392                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         18741568                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.473016                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            149744824                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           149740986                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        80896633                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       159667969                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.472271                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506655                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121666020                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    142978322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14132015                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18229                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1146722                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285047560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    232999159     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19150219      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8919388      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8778453      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2429966      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10048615      3.53%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       762631      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557789      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1401340      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285047560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    121666020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    142978322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             54379299                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            35708397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              9100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18880431                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       127142514                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1384795                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1401340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          440756193                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         316594313                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4875660                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              29644778                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         121666020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           142978322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    121666020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.606034                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.606034                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383725                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383725                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      741483826                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     173880344                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     187526354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        18202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       27531090                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22921011                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2501303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10585521                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10085772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2959412                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116543                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239603054                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            151075306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          27531090                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13045184                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            31483795                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6948826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     21416490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        14876288                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2390290                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    296935016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      265451221     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1932143      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2433810      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3875407      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1621768      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2088980      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2439986      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1116016      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       15975685      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    296935016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086831                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476479                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      238200379                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     22962298                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        31332124                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        16218                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4423992                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      4191833                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          800                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    184612096                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3881                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4423992                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      238443340                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        776303                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     21506922                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        31105621                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       678828                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    183475071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        97827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       473594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    256234747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    853189763                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    853189763                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    214612167                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       41622578                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        44520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23258                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2378970                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     17155017                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8994447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106322                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      2091059                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        179150658                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44676                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       171964287                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       169745                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21568892                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43743669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1796                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296935016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224050350     75.45%     75.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33219667     11.19%     86.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13650156      4.60%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7607691      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10294034      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3177637      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3122714      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1681506      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131261      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296935016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1184593     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158141     10.58%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152622     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144856777     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2355339      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21261      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15765219      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8965691      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    171964287                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.542362                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1495357                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    642528692                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200765160                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167502005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    173459644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129411                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3190860                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          940                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       127042                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           13                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4423992                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        589447                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74187                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    179195337                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       140043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17155017                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8994447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23259                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64695                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           79                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          940                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1484477                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1401902                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2886379                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168976507                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15511677                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2987780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           24476667                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       23894703                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8964990                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.532938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            167502437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           167502005                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers       100357788                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       269461352                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528288                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372439                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124882331                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    153880587                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25315442                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42880                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2522546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292511024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227398964     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32990218     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11973647      4.09%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5980429      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5456884      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2298164      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2268386      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1081540      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3062792      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292511024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    124882331                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    153880587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             22831562                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            13964157                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             21392                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         22298820                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       138542843                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      3175146                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3062792                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          468643403                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         362816082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3627807                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              20130721                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         124882331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           153880587                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    124882331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.538916                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.538916                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393869                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393869                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      760384025                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     234013021                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     170818945                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        42844                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       21396636                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19306772                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1116383                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8093913                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7663918                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1180798                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49582                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226990689                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            134448093                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          21396636                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8844716                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26609263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3521323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     31990614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13019156                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1121477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    287967549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      261358286     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         955355      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1945623      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         831876      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4423522      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3936607      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         763076      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1583598      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12169606      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    287967549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067483                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.424039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      224631773                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     34363090                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26511418                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        84712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2376551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1878697                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          437                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    157667823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2376551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      224926903                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      31962335                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1374582                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26336232                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       990941                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    157580672                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       514455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       326521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12680                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    184944160                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    742146496                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    742146496                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    164110389                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       20833681                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        18284                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2268287                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     37191460                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     18815719                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173225                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       917360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        157277693                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18339                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       151197468                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        91757                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12149689                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29167492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287967549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233661267     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16584615      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13411465      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5800448      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7250042      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6864413      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3892115      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311816      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191368      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287967549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380782     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2903739     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84656      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94830245     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1319828      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9054      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36273778     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18764563     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    151197468                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476865                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3369177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593823419                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169449674                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149903909                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    154566645                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272656                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1442236                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          580                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3962                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       123359                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13327                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2376551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      31195284                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       296670                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157296132                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37191460                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18815719                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9229                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       183361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          132                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3962                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       651848                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1310325                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150148287                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36150740                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1049181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           54913571                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       19673845                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         18762831                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            149907817                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           149903909                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        80972652                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       159817929                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472785                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506656                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121812342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    143150883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14162457                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18248                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1141057                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285590998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233476553     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19179414      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8929930      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8790801      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2432458      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10053282      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       763559      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558398      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1406603      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285590998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    121812342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    143150883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             54441575                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            35749215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              9110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18903428                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       127296096                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1386620                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1406603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          441497371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         317003529                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4868564                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              29098188                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         121812342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           143150883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    121812342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.602903                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.602903                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.384186                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.384186                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      742289802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     174042105                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     187737706                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        18220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23292800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19101996                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2278189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9606119                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9094764                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2388571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102518                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222189552                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            132382157                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23292800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11483335                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            29110349                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6477821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     20477493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13687679                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2263258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    275938743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      246828394     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3156868      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3647819      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2004899      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2308708      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1269726      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         867566      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        2255508      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13599255      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    275938743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073464                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.417523                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      220387531                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     22313562                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        28866482                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       230992                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4140172                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3780880                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        21179                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    161578040                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts       105108                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4140172                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      220742898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       7858063                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     13463714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        28753747                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       980145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    161479423                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       252172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       452099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    224413459                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    751834155                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    751834155                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    191617717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       32795647                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        42054                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2626724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     15412138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      8394109                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220365                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1868021                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        161230323                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42139                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       152351177                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       216815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20154260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46653118                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4506                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275938743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211746983     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25816181      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13868053      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9611813      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8394209      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4291668      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1041755      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       666903      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       501178      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275938743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         38540     11.90%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       137848     42.58%     54.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147384     45.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127525199     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2383071      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18660      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14088751      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8335496      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    152351177                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.480503                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            323772                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002125                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    581181684                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181428164                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149823269                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    152674949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       382237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2716601                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          897                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1446                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       181026                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9331                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3233                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4140172                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       7291835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       168902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161272592                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15412138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8394109                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23344                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       117922                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1446                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1322119                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1277459                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2599578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150109498                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13231794                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2241679                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           21565370                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       21006751                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          8333576                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.473433                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            149825392                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           149823269                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        89038415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       233218822                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.472531                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112522438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    138051285                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23222903                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37633                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2291166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271798571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215396414     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26155934      9.62%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10961885      4.03%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6591474      2.43%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4555913      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2947242      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1525350      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1229675      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2434684      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271798571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    112522438                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    138051285                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20908603                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12695520                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             18776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         19758798                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       124457441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2808670                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2434684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          430637321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         326688701                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3398989                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              41126994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         112522438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           138051285                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    112522438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.817800                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.817800                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.354887                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.354887                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      677124199                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     207937964                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     150812787                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        37598                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23297753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19106600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2282174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9588150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9094219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2389253                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102474                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222489577                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            132461149                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23297753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     11483472                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            29136212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6488270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     21065998                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13708796                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2269048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    276858980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      247722768     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3160828      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3654444      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2005439      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2310732      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1269784      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         866293      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2254456      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13614236      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    276858980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073479                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417772                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      220675159                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     22914468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        28895387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       228013                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4145949                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3780541                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        21244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    161711406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts       106162                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4145949                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      221025448                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6774539                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     15156552                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        28783516                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       972972                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    161612805                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       248009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       451020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    224608889                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    752494294                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    752494294                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    191780787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       32828102                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        42375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23685                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2615010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15428966                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8400042                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221297                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1862526                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        161352148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42467                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       152477965                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       211601                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20166334                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46665689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4802                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276858980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    212615023     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25837172      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13877832      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9617192      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8406522      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4295437      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1039048      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       670040      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       500714      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276858980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         38467     11.74%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141436     43.15%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147863     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127637538     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2386043      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18676      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14092921      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8342787      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    152477965                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.480903                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            327766                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    582354277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181562397                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149947884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    152805731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       384071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2722666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          912                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1454                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       179957                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9341                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3436                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4145949                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       6232915                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163274                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161394747                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15428966                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8400042                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23653                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       113736                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1454                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1322763                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1280962                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2603725                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150231079                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13236039                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2246886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21577030                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       21020385                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8340991                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473817                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            149949922                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           149947884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        89117910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       233452655                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472924                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381739                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112618269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    138168766                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23227635                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37665                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2295491                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272713031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216268742     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26176098      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10969940      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6589890      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4564191      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2945713      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1529918      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1230031      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2438508      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272713031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    112618269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    138168766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20926385                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12706300                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             18792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         19775590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       124563338                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2811045                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2438508                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          431670170                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         326938835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3408517                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              40206757                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         112618269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           138168766                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    112618269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.815402                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.815402                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355189                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355189                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      677655531                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     208117106                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     150903955                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        37630                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21422328                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19330340                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1117501                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8120555                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7674738                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1181315                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49639                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227314702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            134624123                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21422328                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      8856053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            26643798                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3522912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     31806940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13036756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1122757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    288142864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      261499066     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         955859      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1950162      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         831872      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        4428326      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3940845      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         763468      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1586124      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12187142      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    288142864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.424594                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      224993888                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     34141393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        26545339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        85248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2376991                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1880528                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          437                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    157877807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2397                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2376991                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      225286735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles      31746886                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1380266                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        26372081                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       979900                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    157790103                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       509362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       320485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8795                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    185183095                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    743140743                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    743140743                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    164348799                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       20834296                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        18309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9238                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2253754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     37243870                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     18845588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172713                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       915295                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        157486051                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       151411888                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        92306                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12144533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29148580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           89                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    288142864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233769034     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16599697      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13428861      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5805526      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7259240      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6877429      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3899492      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311846      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191739      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    288142864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        381125     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2909369     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84945      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94958664     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1321764      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9067      0.01%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36329440     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18792953     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    151411888                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.477541                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3375439                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022293                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594434385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169652876                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150117368                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    154787327                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272796                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1440478                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          566                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3937                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13347                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           67                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2376991                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles      30982327                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       292456                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157504503                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37243870                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18845588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9241                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       181425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          140                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3937                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       653095                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       659169                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1312264                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150362495                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36205614                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1049393                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           54996794                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19701279                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         18791180                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.474231                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            150121220                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           150117368                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        81087082                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       160015815                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.473458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506744                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121991491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    143360942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14160915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18276                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1142205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285765873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233582268     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19199512      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8943263      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8802529      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2434499      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10071188      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764009      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559513      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1409092      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285765873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    121991491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    143360942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             54523990                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            35803392                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18930943                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       127482833                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1388525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1409092                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          441878274                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         317420931                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4875821                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              28922873                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         121991491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           143360942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    121991491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.599081                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.599081                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.384751                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.384751                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      743355972                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     174284533                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     187994228                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        18248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              317065737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       27507875                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22905426                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2502564                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10597541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10080384                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2957715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116054                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239474506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            150945830                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          27507875                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     13038099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            31461448                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6951106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     21551989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        14869407                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2391867                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    296919090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      265457642     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1930385      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2439209      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3872558      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1619387      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2085582      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2437892      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1111889      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       15964546      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    296919090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.476071                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      238072326                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     23095432                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        31310120                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        16213                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4424994                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      4184450                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          812                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    184457738                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3946                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4424994                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      238314953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        775377                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     21642797                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        31084025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       676934                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    183322753                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        97236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       472248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    256035380                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    852510023                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    852510023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    214440616                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       41594764                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        44556                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23311                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2376139                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     17145650                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8982967                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      2090564                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        178999619                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44718                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       171819663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       169010                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21562717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43733380                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1870                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296919090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224089734     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33200394     11.18%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13634443      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7606010      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10284254      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3172602      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3120305      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1680287      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131061      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296919090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1183496     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157722     10.56%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152552     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144735703     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2352834      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21244      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15756055      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8953827      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    171819663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.541905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493771                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    642221197                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200608012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167353896                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    173313434                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129195                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3192640                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          964                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       122620                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4424994                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        588947                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    179044342                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17145650                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8982967                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23312                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64487                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           77                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          964                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1486247                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1400565                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2886812                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168829572                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15502321                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2990091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           24455230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       23870665                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8952909                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532475                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            167354500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           167353896                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers       100278440                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       269265181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.527821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372415                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124782555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    153757591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25287487                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42848                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2523786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292494096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227430563     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32968034     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11965161      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5974345      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5452413      1.86%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2295262      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2267706      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080894      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3059718      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292494096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    124782555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    153757591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             22813357                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            13953010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             21376                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         22280968                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       138432117                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      3172601                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3059718                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          468478598                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         362515184                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3628701                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              20146647                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         124782555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           153757591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    124782555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.540946                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.540946                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      759737538                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     233822556                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     170669658                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        42812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        20880                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.837638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        22928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         7.977277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.751401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.557026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1677.341323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         339.187889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.819014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.165619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 41511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7627                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                7627                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  41593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41592                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 41593                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               20880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                20880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20845                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               20880                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56905580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16809152178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16866057758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56905580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16809152178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16866057758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56905580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16809152178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16866057758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             62391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            7627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              62473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             62473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1625873.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 806387.727417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807761.386877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1625873.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 806387.727417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807761.386877                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1625873.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 806387.727417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807761.386877                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               2836                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    2836                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           20880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          20880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53832580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14978540102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15032372682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53832580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14978540102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15032372682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53832580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14978540102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15032372682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1538073.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 718567.527081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719941.220402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1538073.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 718567.527081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719941.220402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1538073.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 718567.527081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719941.220402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        34642                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.617932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         185042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        36690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.043391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.520046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.676604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1675.335609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         358.085673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.818035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.174847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        43777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 43778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9050                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                9050                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        43893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  43894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        43893                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 43894                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        34566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               34605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        34596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                34635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        34596                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               34635                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60114169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32430469552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32490583721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28010955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28010955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60114169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32458480507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    32518594676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60114169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32458480507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   32518594676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        78343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             78383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9050                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            9050                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        78489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              78529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        78489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             78529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.440775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.440775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1541388.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 938218.756929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938898.532611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 933698.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933698.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1541388.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 938214.837178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 938894.028468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1541388.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 938214.837178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 938894.028468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5250                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5250                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        34566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        34596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           34635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        34596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          34635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56689228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29394588401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29451277629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25374508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25374508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56689228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29419962909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29476652137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56689228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29419962909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29476652137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.440775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.440775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1453569.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850390.221634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851070.008062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 845816.933333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845816.933333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1453569.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850386.255897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851065.457976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1453569.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850386.255897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851065.457976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        21903                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.520179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         251597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        23951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        10.504655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          30.550400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.899582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1682.584515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         331.485682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.821574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.161858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 40957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22281                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               22281                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  41131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41130                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 41131                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               21888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                21890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21849                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               21890                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84270915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18513026754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18597297669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       970720                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       970720                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84270915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18513997474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    18598268389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84270915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18513997474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   18598268389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             62845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22281                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           22281                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              63021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             63021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055388.170732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 847394.459377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849657.239995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       485360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       485360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055388.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 847361.319694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849623.955642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055388.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 847361.319694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849623.955642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              11802                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   11802                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           21890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          21890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80670313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16594482692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16675153005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       794399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       794399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80670313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16595277091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16675947404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80670313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16595277091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16675947404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1967568.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 759577.181856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761839.958196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 397199.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 397199.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1967568.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 759544.010756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761806.642485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1967568.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 759544.010756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761806.642485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        40646                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.932090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         224928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        42694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.268375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.684744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     1.534513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1847.024285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         195.688549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.901867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.095551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 48823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               14973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  48855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48854                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 48855                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               40593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                40646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40608                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               40646                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67512245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  38540913052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38608425297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     76196092                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     76196092                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67512245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  38617109144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    38684621389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67512245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  38617109144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   38684621389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             89416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           14973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              89501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        89462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             89501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.623529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.623529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1776638.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 950336.901788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951110.420442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1437662.113208                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1437662.113208                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1776638.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 950972.939913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951744.855312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1776638.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 950972.939913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951744.855312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               6335                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    6335                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           40646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          40646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64175002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34979476091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35043651093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     71540889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71540889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64175002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35051016980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35115191982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64175002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35051016980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35115191982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.623529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.453913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1688815.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 862519.444976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863292.959205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1349828.094340                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1349828.094340                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1688815.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863155.461485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863927.372484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1688815.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863155.461485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863927.372484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        20953                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.836431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         182972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        23001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         7.954958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.788180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.637065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1678.913827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         337.497358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.819782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.164794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 41563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                7645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  41643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41642                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 41643                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               20952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                20953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20917                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               20953                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66147506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16568829632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16634977138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       544879                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       544879                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66147506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16569374511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    16635522017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66147506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16569374511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   16635522017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             62515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            7645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              62596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             62596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1837430.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 792160.529356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793956.526250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       544879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       544879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1837430.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 792148.707319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793944.638811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1837430.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 792148.707319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793944.638811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               2845                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    2845                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           20953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          20953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62986706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14732245758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14795232464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       457079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       457079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62986706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14732702837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14795689543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62986706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14732702837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14795689543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1749630.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 704352.923982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706148.933944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       457079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       457079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1749630.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 704341.102309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706137.046867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1749630.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 704341.102309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706137.046867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        22187                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.517049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         251533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        24235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        10.378915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.804516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.506797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1687.451506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         327.754230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.823951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.160036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 40957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22219                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               22219                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  41131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41130                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 41131                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               22170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                22173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22137                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               22173                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49704242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19081384993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   19131089235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4227173                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4227173                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49704242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19085612166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    19135316408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49704242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19085612166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   19135316408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        63090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             63127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22219                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           22219                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        63267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              63304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        63267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             63304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.351197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.350262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.350262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1380673.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 862084.801346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862926.893775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1409057.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1409057.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1380673.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 862158.926955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 863000.785099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1380673.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 862158.926955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 863000.785099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              11810                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   11810                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          22170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           22173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          22173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46542443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17137511757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17184054200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3963773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3963773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46542443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17141475530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17188017973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46542443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17141475530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17188017973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1292845.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 774261.848604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775103.933243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1321257.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1321257.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1292845.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 774335.977323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775177.827673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1292845.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 774335.977323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775177.827673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        22021                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.518874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         251408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        24069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        10.445303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          30.469862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.681370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1686.030851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         328.336791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.823257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.160321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 40864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               22184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  41038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41037                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 41038                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               22007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                22008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21968                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               22008                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72835488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18944835652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   19017671140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       626478                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       626478                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72835488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18945462130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    19018297618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72835488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18945462130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   19018297618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             62871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           22184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              63046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             63046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1820887.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 862422.527063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864164.635798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       626478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       626478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1820887.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 862411.786690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 864153.835787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1820887.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 862411.786690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 864153.835787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              11783                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   11783                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          22007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           22008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          22008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69322489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17015491118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17084813607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       538678                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       538678                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69322489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17016029796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17085352285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69322489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17016029796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17085352285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1733062.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 774593.304411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776335.420866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       538678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       538678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1733062.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 774582.565368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776324.622183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1733062.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 774582.565368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776324.622183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        10246                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.145074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         233689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        12294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        19.008378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.378415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.186006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1417.668048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         583.912605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.692221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.285114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 33456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10431                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               10431                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  33713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33710                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 33713                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               10226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                10244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10201                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               10244                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    128956684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8280913819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8409870503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     14351525                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     14351525                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    128956684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8295265344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     8424222028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    128956684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8295265344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    8424222028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        43636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             43682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10431                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           10431                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        43911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              43957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        43911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             43957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2998992.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 813209.645389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822400.792392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 797306.944444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797306.944444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2998992.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 813181.584551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822356.699336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2998992.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 813181.584551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822356.699336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           10244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          10244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    125179655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7386720739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7511900394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12771125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12771125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    125179655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7399491864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7524671519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    125179655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7399491864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7524671519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2911154.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 725397.303251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734588.342852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 709506.944444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709506.944444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2911154.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 725369.264190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734544.271671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2911154.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 725369.264190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734544.271671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        34730                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.618618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         185127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        36778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.033634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.510866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.911453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1675.634011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         356.562287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.818181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.174103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 43846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                9067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  43962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43961                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 43962                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               34693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                34723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34683                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               34723                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66651719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32059229762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32125881481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23856111                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23856111                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66651719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32083085873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    32149737592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66651719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32083085873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   32149737592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        78498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             78539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            9067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        78644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              78685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        78644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             78685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666292.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 925150.196577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926004.712219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 795203.700000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 795203.700000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666292.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 925037.795837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 925891.702675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666292.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 925037.795837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 925891.702675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5260                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5260                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           34723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          34723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63137103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29016139686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29079276789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     21221158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21221158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63137103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29037360844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29100497947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63137103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29037360844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29100497947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1578427.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 837334.132283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838188.591041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 707371.933333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707371.933333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1578427.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 837221.717960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838075.567981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1578427.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 837221.717960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838075.567981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        40530                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.930527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         224830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        42578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.280427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.709066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.590306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1846.158579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         196.472576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.901445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.095934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 48760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14937                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               14937                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  48794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48793                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 48794                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               40478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                40530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40491                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               40530                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66677996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  38809177022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38875855018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84179897                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     84179897                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66677996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  38893356919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    38960034915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66677996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  38893356919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   38960034915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        89198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             89238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14937                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           14937                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              86                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        89284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              89324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        89284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             89324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.604651                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.604651                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1709692.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 959696.753678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960419.364050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1618844.173077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1618844.173077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1709692.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960543.254526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961264.123242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1709692.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960543.254526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961264.123242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               6328                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    6328                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           40530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          40530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63252829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35257700844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35320953673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79613840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79613840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63252829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35337314684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35400567513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63252829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35337314684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35400567513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.604651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1621867.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 871873.707164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872596.315851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1531035.384615                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1531035.384615                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1621867.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 872720.226322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873441.093338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1621867.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 872720.226322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873441.093338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        10250                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.148538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         233816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        12298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        19.012522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.526312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.787716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1418.004436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         583.830074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.692385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.285073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 33563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10451                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               10451                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  33820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33818                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 33820                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               10230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                10247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10206                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               10247                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    118725235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8192674382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8311399617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     14916119                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     14916119                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    118725235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8207590501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     8326315736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    118725235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8207590501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    8326315736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             43793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10451                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           10451                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        44024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              44067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        44024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             44067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.062044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.062044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2895737.439024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 804070.505643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812453.530499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 877418.764706                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877418.764706                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2895737.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 804192.680874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812561.309261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2895737.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 804192.680874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812561.309261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5426                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5426                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           10247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          10247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    115125435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7297927616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7413053051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13423519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13423519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    115125435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7311351135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7426476570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    115125435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7311351135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7426476570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.062044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2807937.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 716255.532044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724638.616911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 789618.764706                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789618.764706                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2807937.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 716377.732216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724746.420416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2807937.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 716377.732216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724746.420416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        40643                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.931255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         224944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        42691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.269120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.837340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.581506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1843.820247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         198.692163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.900303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.097018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 48842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               14968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  48876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48875                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 48876                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               40593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                40644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40605                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               40644                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71790557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  38962943359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   39034733916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     83897281                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     83897281                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71790557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39046840640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    39118631197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71790557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39046840640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   39118631197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        89395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             89435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           14968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        89480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              89520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        89480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             89520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1840783.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 960766.961557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961612.443426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1645044.725490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1645044.725490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1840783.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 961626.416451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962470.012720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1840783.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 961626.416451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962470.012720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               6333                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    6333                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           40644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          40644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68365898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35401493268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35469859166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     79417188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79417188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68365898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35480910456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35549276354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68365898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35480910456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35549276354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.453789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1752971.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 872947.015535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873792.505260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1557199.764706                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557199.764706                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1752971.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 873806.439010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874650.043155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1752971.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 873806.439010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874650.043155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        21575                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.511897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         251337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        23623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        10.639504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.638032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.529905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1684.712294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         330.631666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.822613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.161441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 40728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22249                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               22249                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  40902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40901                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 40902                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               21562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                21562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21523                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               21562                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73328354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18501853600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18575181954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73328354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18501853600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    18575181954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73328354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18501853600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   18575181954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             62290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22249                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           22249                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              62464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             62464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1880214.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 859631.724202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861477.690103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1880214.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 859631.724202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861477.690103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1880214.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 859631.724202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861477.690103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              11758                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   11758                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           21562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          21562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69903109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16611561696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16681464805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69903109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16611561696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16681464805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69903109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16611561696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16681464805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792387.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 771805.124564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773651.090112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792387.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 771805.124564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773651.090112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792387.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 771805.124564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773651.090112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        21667                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.516338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         251501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        23715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        10.605144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.619517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.735914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1682.731566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         332.429342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.821646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.162319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 40860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22282                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               22282                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  41033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41032                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 41033                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               21652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                21653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21614                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               21653                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76500700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18400556374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18477057074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       696093                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       696093                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76500700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18401252467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    18477753167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76500700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18401252467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   18477753167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             62512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22282                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           22282                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              62686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             62686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1961556.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 851365.214177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853364.911971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       696093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       696093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1961556.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 851358.030304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853357.648686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1961556.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 851358.030304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853357.648686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              11775                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   11775                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           21653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          21653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73076500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16502425408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16575501908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       608293                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       608293                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73076500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16503033701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16576110201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73076500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16503033701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16576110201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1873756.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763541.637348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765541.377609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       608293                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       608293                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1873756.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763534.454566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765534.115411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1873756.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763534.454566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765534.115411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        40675                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.931799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         225000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        42723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.266484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.638303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     1.521384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1846.516557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         196.255555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.901619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.095828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 48878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14987                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               14987                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  48912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48911                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 48912                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               40625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                40675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40638                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               40675                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73064600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  38718674911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38791739511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     72577700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     72577700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73064600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  38791252611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    38864317211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73064600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  38791252611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   38864317211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             89503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14987                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           14987                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              89587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             89587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1974718.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 953943.897482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954873.587963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1451554                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1451554                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1974718.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 954556.144766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955484.135489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1974718.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 954556.144766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955484.135489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               6340                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    6340                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           40675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          40675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69815587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35154276015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35224091602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     68187700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68187700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69815587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35222463715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35292279302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69815587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35222463715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35292279302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1886907.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 866124.864862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867054.562511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1363754                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1363754                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1886907.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 866737.135563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867665.133423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1886907.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 866737.135563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867665.133423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        10245                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.149668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         233784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        12293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        19.017652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.532480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.627383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1418.248518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         583.741288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.692504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.285030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 33540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10442                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               10442                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  33797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33794                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 33797                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               10225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                10242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10202                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               10242                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    110991175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8277222866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8388214041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14692055                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     14692055                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    110991175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8291914921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     8402906096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    110991175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8291914921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    8402906096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        43722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             43765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10442                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           10442                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        43996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              44039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        43996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             44039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.062044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.062044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2774779.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 812687.566618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820363.231394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 864238.529412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864238.529412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2774779.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 812773.468045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820436.057020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2774779.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 812773.468045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820436.057020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           10242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          10242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107478907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7382821190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7490300097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13199455                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13199455                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107478907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7396020645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7503499552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107478907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7396020645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7503499552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.062044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2686972.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724871.987236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732547.686748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 776438.529412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776438.529412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2686972.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724957.914625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732620.538176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2686972.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724957.914625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732620.538176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.911490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013975904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801022.920071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.737040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.174450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13943635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13943635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13943635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73614264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73614264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73614264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73614264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73614264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73614264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13943684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13943684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13943684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1502331.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1502331.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1502331.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1502331.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1502331.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1502331.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57266120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57266120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57266120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57266120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57266120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57266120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1590725.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1590725.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1590725.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1590725.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1590725.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1590725.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243202226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3879.256472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.882900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.117100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.780793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.219207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20492780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20492780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9314                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9314                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24439643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24439643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       219418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       219418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97303006021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97303006021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31525320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31525320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97334531341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97334531341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97334531341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97334531341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20711838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20711838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24659061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24659061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24659061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24659061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444188.324649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444188.324649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87570.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87570.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443603.220069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443603.220069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443603.220069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443603.220069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19703023266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19703023266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5317942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5317942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19708341208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19708341208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19708341208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19708341208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315981.449218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315981.449218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64852.951220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64852.951220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315651.636177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315651.636177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 315651.636177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315651.636177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.622417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1092473074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2061269.950943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.622417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13286597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13286597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13286597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13286597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13286597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13286597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89475117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89475117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89475117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89475117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89475117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89475117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13286654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13286654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13286654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13286654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13286654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13286654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1569738.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1569738.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1569738.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1569738.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1569738.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1569738.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60516199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60516199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60516199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60516199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60516199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60516199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1512904.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512904.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1512904.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512904.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1512904.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512904.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                78489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              193995628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                78745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2463.592965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.335638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.664362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9207525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9207525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7628669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7628669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21970                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21970                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16836194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       16836194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16836194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      16836194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       204735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       205795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       205795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       205795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       205795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  90351728995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90351728995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    407142837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    407142837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  90758871832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90758871832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  90758871832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90758871832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9412260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9412260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7629729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7629729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        21970                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21970                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17041989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17041989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17041989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17041989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441310.616138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441310.616138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 384097.016038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 384097.016038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441015.922797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441015.922797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441015.922797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441015.922797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157211                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157211                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       126392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       127306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       127306                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127306                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        78343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        78489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        78489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35592278311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35592278311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     35745384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35745384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35628023695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35628023695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35628023695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35628023695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454313.446141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454313.446141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 244831.397260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244831.397260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453923.781613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453923.781613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453923.781613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453923.781613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              521.803592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1088376493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2077054.375954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    40.738992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   481.064600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.065287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.770937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13708666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13708666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13708666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13708666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13708666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13708666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    120236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    120236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    120236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    120236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    120236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13708725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13708725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13708725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13708725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13708725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13708725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2037898.305085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2037898.305085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2037898.305085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2037898.305085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2037898.305085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2037898.305085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84704126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84704126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84704126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84704126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84704126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84704126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2016764.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2016764.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2016764.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2016764.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2016764.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2016764.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                62979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              186237220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                63235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2945.160433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.252168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.747832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.915048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.084952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9667380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9667380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8177523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8177523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20236                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20236                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18823                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18823                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17844903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17844903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17844903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17844903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       215716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       221027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       221027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       221027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       221027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  90712098519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90712098519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3336571826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3336571826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  94048670345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94048670345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  94048670345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94048670345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9883096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9883096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8182834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8182834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20236                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20236                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18823                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18823                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18065930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18065930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18065930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18065930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 420516.320157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420516.320157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 628237.963849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 628237.963849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 425507.609229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425507.609229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 425507.609229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425507.609229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     42209956                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            74                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 570404.810811                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           22281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       152913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       158048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       158048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       158048                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       158048                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21388627184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21388627184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     12232621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12232621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21400859805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21400859805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21400859805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21400859805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340566.966291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340566.966291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69503.528409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69503.528409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339809.457200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339809.457200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339809.457200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339809.457200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              578.240122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1120573742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1925384.436426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.143478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.096645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13046424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13046424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13046424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13046424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13046424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13046424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90796677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90796677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90796677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90796677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90796677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90796677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13046482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13046482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13046482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13046482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13046482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13046482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1565459.948276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1565459.948276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1565459.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1565459.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1565459.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1565459.948276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67899854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67899854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67899854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67899854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67899854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67899854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1741021.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1741021.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1741021.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1741021.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1741021.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1741021.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                89462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              488023889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                89718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5439.531521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.912831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.087169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     34118708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34118708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18681530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18681530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     52800238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       52800238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     52800238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      52800238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       325992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       325992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       326340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       326340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       326340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       326340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159258187834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159258187834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    289832660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    289832660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159548020494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159548020494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159548020494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159548020494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     34444700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34444700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18681878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18681878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9131                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9131                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     53126578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53126578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     53126578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53126578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 488534.037136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488534.037136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 832852.471264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832852.471264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 488901.208844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488901.208844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 488901.208844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488901.208844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           14973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       236615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       236878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       236878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        89377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        89462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        89462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42212276613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42212276613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78851318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78851318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42291127931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42291127931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42291127931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42291127931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 472294.624042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472294.624042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 927662.564706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 927662.564706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 472727.280085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472727.280085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 472727.280085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472727.280085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              560.946154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1014007375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1797885.416667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.805833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.140321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13975106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13975106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13975106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13975106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13975106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13975106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78784392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78784392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78784392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78784392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78784392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78784392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13975155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13975155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13975155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13975155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13975155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13975155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1607844.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1607844.734694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1607844.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1607844.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1607844.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1607844.734694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66518393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66518393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66518393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66518393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66518393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66518393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1797794.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797794.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1797794.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797794.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1797794.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797794.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                62559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              243259690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                62815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3872.636950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   200.534738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    55.465262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.783339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.216661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20542473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20542473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3954586                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3954586                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9344                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9344                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9275                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9275                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     24497059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       24497059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     24497059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      24497059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       219619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       219963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       219963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       219963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       219963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  95815376246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95815376246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33914560                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33914560                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  95849290806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95849290806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  95849290806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95849290806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20762092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20762092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3954930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3954930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9344                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9344                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9275                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9275                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     24717022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24717022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     24717022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24717022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 436279.995110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436279.995110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98588.837209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98588.837209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 435751.880116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435751.880116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 435751.880116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435751.880116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       157141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19466406688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19466406688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5758262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5758262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19472164950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19472164950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  19472164950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19472164950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311572.180416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311572.180416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 71089.654321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71089.654321                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311260.808996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311260.808996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311260.808996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311260.808996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.135592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1088346185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2097006.136802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.135592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.057910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13678358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13678358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13678358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13678358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13678358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13678358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64913107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64913107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64913107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64913107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64913107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64913107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13678407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13678407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13678407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13678407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13678407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13678407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1324757.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1324757.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1324757.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1324757.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1324757.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1324757.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50090028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50090028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50090028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50090028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50090028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50090028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1353784.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353784.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1353784.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353784.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1353784.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353784.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                63267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              186196406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                63523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2931.165184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.252964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.747036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.915051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.084949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9645064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9645064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8159413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8159413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17804477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17804477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17804477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17804477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       215256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       220514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       220514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       220514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       220514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  91022273786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91022273786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3496558678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3496558678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  94518832464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94518832464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  94518832464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94518832464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9860320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9860320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8164671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8164671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18024991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18024991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18024991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18024991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 422855.919398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422855.919398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 664997.846710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 664997.846710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 428629.621992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428629.621992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 428629.621992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428629.621992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     39378806                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            71                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 554631.070423                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22219                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           22219                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       157247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       157247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        63090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        63267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        63267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21960027951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21960027951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15519583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15519583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21975547534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21975547534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21975547534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21975547534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 348074.622777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348074.622777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87681.259887                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87681.259887                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 347346.128851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347346.128851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 347346.128851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347346.128851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.714513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1088340600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2080957.170172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.632922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   481.081591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.770964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13672773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13672773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13672773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13672773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13672773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13672773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100829168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100829168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100829168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100829168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100829168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100829168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13672829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13672829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13672829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13672829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13672829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13672829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1800520.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1800520.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1800520.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1800520.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1800520.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1800520.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73242052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73242052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73242052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73242052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73242052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73242052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1786391.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1786391.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1786391.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1786391.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1786391.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1786391.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                63005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              186190605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                63261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2943.213117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.247566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.752434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9641690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9641690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8156825                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8156825                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20057                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20057                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17798515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17798515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17798515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17798515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       215511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5239                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5239                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       220750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       220750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  91957329883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91957329883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3180653070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3180653070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  95137982953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95137982953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  95137982953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95137982953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9857201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9857201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8162064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8162064                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        20057                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20057                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18019265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18019265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18019265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18019265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000642                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000642                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 426694.367726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426694.367726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 607110.721512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 607110.721512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 430976.140217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430976.140217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 430976.140217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430976.140217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     43001477                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            78                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 551300.987179                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           22184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157745                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157745                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21815633423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21815633423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11890171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11890171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21827523594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21827523594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21827523594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21827523594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 347216.829906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347216.829906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67943.834286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67943.834286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 346441.133148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346441.133148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 346441.133148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346441.133148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              496.570543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1090991929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2177628.600798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.570543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.066619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14867915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14867915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14867915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       14867915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14867915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      14867915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    194944336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194944336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    194944336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    194944336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    194944336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    194944336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14867974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14867974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14867974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     14867974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14867974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     14867974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3304141.288136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3304141.288136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3304141.288136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3304141.288136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3304141.288136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3304141.288136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4710735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 672962.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    129519749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129519749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    129519749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129519749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    129519749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129519749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2815646.717391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2815646.717391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2815646.717391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2815646.717391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2815646.717391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2815646.717391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                43911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              179076874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                44167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4054.540132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.550303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.449697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     11868850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11868850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8811998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8811998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20680848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       20680848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20680848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      20680848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       112869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       112869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       115617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       115617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       115617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       115617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25360070291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25360070291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    297349155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297349155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25657419446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25657419446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25657419446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25657419446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     11981719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11981719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8814746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8814746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        23309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        23309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        21400                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21400                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20796465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20796465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20796465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20796465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 224685.877353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224685.877353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108205.660480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108205.660480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 221917.360302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221917.360302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 221917.360302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221917.360302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1611173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 230167.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10431                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           10431                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        69233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        71706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        71706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        43636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        43911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        43911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10541409197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10541409197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33286786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33286786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10574695983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10574695983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10574695983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10574695983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241575.973898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241575.973898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121042.858182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121042.858182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 240821.115051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240821.115051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 240821.115051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240821.115051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              528.771787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1092504074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2057446.467043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.771787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.062134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13317597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13317597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13317597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13317597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13317597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13317597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    124246381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124246381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    124246381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    124246381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    124246381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    124246381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13317665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13317665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13317665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13317665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13317665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13317665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1827152.661765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1827152.661765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1827152.661765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1827152.661765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1827152.661765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1827152.661765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67087456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67087456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67087456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67087456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67087456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67087456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1636279.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636279.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1636279.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636279.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1636279.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636279.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                78644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              194034117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                78900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2459.241027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.345200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.654800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.915411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.084589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9227883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9227883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7646607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7646607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        22122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17839                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17839                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16874490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       16874490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16874490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      16874490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       205120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       206122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       206122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       206122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       206122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  89633978132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89633978132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    328976041                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    328976041                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  89962954173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89962954173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  89962954173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89962954173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9433003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9433003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7647609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7647609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        22122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17839                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17839                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17080612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17080612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17080612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17080612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 436983.122718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436983.122718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328319.402196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 328319.402196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 436454.886781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436454.886781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 436454.886781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436454.886781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       126622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127478                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127478                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        78498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        78644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        78644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  35226564813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35226564813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31593229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31593229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  35258158042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35258158042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  35258158042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35258158042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448757.481885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448757.481885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 216391.979452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216391.979452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448326.102970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448326.102970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448326.102970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448326.102970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              577.211684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1120545810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1922033.979417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.017305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   539.194379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.864094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13018492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13018492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13018492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13018492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13018492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13018492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91757895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91757895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91757895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91757895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91757895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91757895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13018557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13018557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13018557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13018557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13018557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13018557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1411659.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1411659.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1411659.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1411659.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1411659.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1411659.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67067302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67067302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67067302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67067302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67067302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67067302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1676682.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1676682.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1676682.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1676682.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1676682.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1676682.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                89284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              487934332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                89540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5449.344784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.914563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.085437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     34058073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34058073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18652077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18652077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9675                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9675                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     52710150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       52710150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     52710150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      52710150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       325966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       325966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       326325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       326325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       326325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       326325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160256976312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 160256976312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    307744635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    307744635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160564720947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160564720947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160564720947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160564720947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     34384039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34384039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18652436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18652436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9675                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9675                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     53036475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53036475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     53036475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53036475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 491637.091942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491637.091942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 857227.395543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857227.395543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 492039.288890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492039.288890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 492039.288890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492039.288890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           14937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       236768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       237041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       237041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        89198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        89284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        89284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42474988964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42474988964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     86947753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86947753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42561936717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42561936717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42561936717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42561936717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 476187.683177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476187.683177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1011020.383721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011020.383721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 476702.843925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476702.843925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 476702.843925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476702.843925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              495.568723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1091000244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2190763.542169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.568723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.065014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14876230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14876230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14876230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       14876230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14876230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      14876230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    181447448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    181447448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    181447448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    181447448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    181447448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    181447448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14876286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14876286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14876286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     14876286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14876286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     14876286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3240133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      3240133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3240133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      3240133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3240133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      3240133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4687968                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 937593.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    119196507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119196507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    119196507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119196507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    119196507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119196507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2772011.790698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2772011.790698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2772011.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2772011.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2772011.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2772011.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                44024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              179097048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                44280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4044.648780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.551398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.448602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     11880272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11880272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8821116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8821116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        21422                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21422                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20701388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20701388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20701388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20701388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       113198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       115940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       115940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       115940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       115940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25162746661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25162746661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    308364112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308364112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25471110773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25471110773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25471110773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25471110773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     11993470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11993470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8823858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8823858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        22921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        21422                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21422                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20817328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20817328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20817328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20817328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 222289.675268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222289.675268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112459.559446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112459.559446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219692.175030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219692.175030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219692.175030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219692.175030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2200488                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 440097.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           10451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        69448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        44024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        44024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        44024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10460197290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10460197290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33872947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33872947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10494070237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10494070237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10494070237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10494070237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239090.223771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239090.223771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123623.894161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123623.894161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 238371.575436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238371.575436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 238371.575436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238371.575436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              579.257992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1120546415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1922035.017153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.231620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.026372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.061269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13019097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13019097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13019097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13019097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13019097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13019097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93843925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93843925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93843925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93843925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93843925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93843925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13019156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13019156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13019156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13019156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13019156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13019156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1590575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1590575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1590575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1590575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1590575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1590575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72186198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72186198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72186198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72186198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72186198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72186198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1804654.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804654.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1804654.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804654.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1804654.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804654.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                89478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              487997010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                89734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5438.262086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.913677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.086323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     34099866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34099866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18673504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18673504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9124                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9124                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     52773370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       52773370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     52773370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      52773370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       327646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       328015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       328015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       328015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       328015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161113441866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 161113441866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    320423680                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    320423680                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161433865546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 161433865546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161433865546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 161433865546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     34427512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34427512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18673873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18673873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     53101385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53101385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     53101385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53101385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 491730.226726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491730.226726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868356.856369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868356.856369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492153.912309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492153.912309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492153.912309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492153.912309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       187658                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       187658                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           14968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       238251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       238251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       238535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       238535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       238535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       238535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        89395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        89480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        89480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42634647190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42634647190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     86661189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86661189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42721308379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42721308379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42721308379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42721308379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476924.293193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476924.293193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1019543.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1019543.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477439.744960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477439.744960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477439.744960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477439.744960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              520.211553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1088355451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2084972.128352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.112764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   481.098789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.062681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.770992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13687624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13687624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13687624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13687624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13687624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13687624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    102169756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102169756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    102169756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102169756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    102169756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102169756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13687679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13687679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13687679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13687679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13687679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13687679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1857631.927273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1857631.927273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1857631.927273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1857631.927273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1857631.927273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1857631.927273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73718797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73718797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73718797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73718797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73718797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73718797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1842969.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1842969.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1842969.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1842969.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1842969.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1842969.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                62423                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              186219439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                62679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2971.002074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.251529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.748471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.915045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.084955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9659719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9659719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8167647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8167647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20016                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20016                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18799                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18799                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17827366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17827366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17827366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17827366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       214691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       219984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       219984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       219984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       219984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  90632307601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90632307601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3342924741                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3342924741                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  93975232342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93975232342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  93975232342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93975232342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9874410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9874410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8172940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8172940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20016                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20016                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18799                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18799                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18047350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18047350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18047350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18047350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000648                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000648                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 422152.338016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422152.338016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 631574.672398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631574.672398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 427191.215461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427191.215461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 427191.215461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427191.215461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     38816830                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 517557.733333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           22249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       152441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       157560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       157560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21359218967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21359218967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11250309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11250309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21370469276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21370469276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21370469276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21370469276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 343119.983406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343119.983406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64656.948276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64656.948276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 342343.798475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342343.798475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 342343.798475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342343.798475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              521.043877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1088376571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2085012.588123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.043877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.062570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13708744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13708744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13708744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13708744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13708744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13708744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96032572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96032572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96032572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96032572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96032572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96032572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13708796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13708796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13708796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13708796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13708796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13708796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1846780.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1846780.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1846780.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1846780.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1846780.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1846780.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76901705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76901705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76901705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76901705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76901705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76901705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1922542.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922542.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1922542.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922542.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1922542.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922542.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                62646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              186226314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                62902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2960.578583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.251314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.748686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.915044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.084956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9659698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9659698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8174619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8174619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19924                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19924                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18815                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18815                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17834317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17834317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17834317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17834317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       214499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       219786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       219786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       219786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       219786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  90108904451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90108904451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3285028259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3285028259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  93393932710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93393932710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  93393932710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93393932710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9874197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9874197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8179906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8179906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19924                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19924                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18815                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18815                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18054103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18054103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18054103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18054103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000646                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000646                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 420090.091101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420090.091101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 621340.695858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 621340.695858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 424931.218139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424931.218139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 424931.218139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424931.218139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     40895917                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            76                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 538104.171053                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           22282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       152027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       157140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       157140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21267413316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21267413316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11912617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11912617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21279325933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21279325933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21279325933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21279325933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340431.126201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340431.126201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68463.316092                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68463.316092                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 339675.732417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339675.732417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 339675.732417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339675.732417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              577.463295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1120564013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1928681.605852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.401627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.061669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13036695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13036695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13036695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13036695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13036695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13036695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106298881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106298881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106298881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106298881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    106298881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106298881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13036756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13036756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13036756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13036756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13036756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13036756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1742604.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1742604.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1742604.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1742604.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1742604.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1742604.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73437009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73437009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73437009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73437009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73437009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73437009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1932552.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1932552.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1932552.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1932552.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1932552.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1932552.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                89549                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              488077519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                89805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5434.859072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.913619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.086381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     34152116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34152116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18701737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18701737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9124                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9124                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     52853853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       52853853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     52853853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      52853853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       328439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       328439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160260632553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 160260632553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    263420611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    263420611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160524053164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160524053164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160524053164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160524053164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     34480208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34480208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18702084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18702084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9124                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9124                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     53182292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53182292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     53182292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53182292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 488462.481722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488462.481722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 759137.207493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 759137.207493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 488748.453028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488748.453028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 488748.453028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488748.453028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       251259                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       251259                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14987                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           14987                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       238627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       238627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       238890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       238890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       238890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       238890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        89465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        89549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        89549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42394896044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42394896044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     75332118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75332118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42470228162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42470228162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42470228162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42470228162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 473871.302118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473871.302118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 896810.928571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896810.928571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 474268.033836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474268.033836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 474268.033836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474268.033836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              495.159671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1090993363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2190749.724900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    40.159671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.064358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14869349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14869349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14869349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       14869349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14869349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      14869349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    168731597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168731597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    168731597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    168731597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    168731597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    168731597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14869405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14869405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14869405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     14869405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14869405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     14869405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3013064.232143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3013064.232143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3013064.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3013064.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3013064.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3013064.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4041039                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1010259.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    111522193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111522193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    111522193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111522193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    111522193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111522193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593539.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2593539.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593539.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2593539.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593539.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2593539.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                43996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              179083689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                44252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4046.906106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.555504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.444496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     11873902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11873902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8814094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8814094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        22970                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22970                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21406                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21406                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20687996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       20687996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20687996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      20687996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       113085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2739                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2739                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       115824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       115824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       115824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       115824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25332586297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25332586297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    307441846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    307441846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25640028143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25640028143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25640028143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25640028143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     11986987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11986987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8816833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8816833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        22970                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22970                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        21406                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21406                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20803820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20803820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20803820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20803820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 224013.673759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224013.673759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112246.018985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112246.018985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 221370.598002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221370.598002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 221370.598002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221370.598002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       918514                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 229628.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10442                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           10442                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        69363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        71828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        71828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        43722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        43996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        43996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10543245194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10543245194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33615581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33615581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10576860775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10576860775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10576860775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10576860775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 241142.792965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241142.792965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122684.602190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122684.602190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 240405.054437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240405.054437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 240405.054437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240405.054437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
