
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001062                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1062084822                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400558799220                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 409130                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   531992                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36815                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67615452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28849.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11803031154                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15347501363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        25984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        33536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        15744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        20608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        31872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        26496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        75136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               466176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           38144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       165760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            165760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1295                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1295                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3253977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     16631440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1807765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24465089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1807765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     31575632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1687248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20488006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2771907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14823675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1687248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     18800758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3133460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14341604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3133460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14944192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1687248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     19403347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1807765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     30852526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1687248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     30008903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1807765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     25790784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3012942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14462122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1807765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     24947160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3133460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     70743879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1687248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     30732009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               438925395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3253977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1807765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1807765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1687248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2771907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1687248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3133460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3133460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1687248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1807765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1687248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1807765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3012942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1807765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3133460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1687248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35914269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         156070397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              156070397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         156070397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3253977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     16631440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1807765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24465089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1807765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     31575632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1687248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20488006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2771907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14823675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1687248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     18800758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3133460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14341604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3133460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14944192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1687248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     19403347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1807765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     30852526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1687248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     30008903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1807765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     25790784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3012942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14462122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1807765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     24947160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3133460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     70743879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1687248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     30732009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              594995792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210574                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172529                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22196                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86640                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80743                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21264                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1015                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2017124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178045                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210574                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102007                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        44050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124894                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2100165     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11432      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17988      0.77%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23739      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25120      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21246      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11383      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17603      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116365      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2345041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082676                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462529                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1996792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        64852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38781                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444345                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38781                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2002806                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         12954                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        38944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238599                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12953                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1442686                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2013938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6708784                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6708784                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298704                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72149                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          812                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27174                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439297                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356692                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          300                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177133                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431885                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1763551     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245438     10.47%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122727      5.23%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86384      3.68%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69168      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28733      1.23%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18275      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9459      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1306      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           303     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          899     36.89%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141437     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20192      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123102      9.07%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71793      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356692                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532670                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2437                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5061161                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1616793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2743                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1253                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38781                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         10247                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1120                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439650                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72149                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          941                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13034                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25152                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1336378                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187420                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189378                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71776                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524694                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1334284                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767770                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069375                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523833                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371015                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22251                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1794430     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257183     11.15%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93727      4.06%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44816      1.94%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42368      1.84%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22162      0.96%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16463      0.71%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8591      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26520      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26520                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3719377                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918094                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32372                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                201926                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.546967                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.546967                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392624                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392624                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6013425                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1860660                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1337621                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         195624                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173772                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       127972                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122886                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11836                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          566                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2039082                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1108476                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            195624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       134722                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              246361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         55452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        32834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          124548                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16636                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2356575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2110214     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          37070      1.57%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19190      0.81%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          35931      1.52%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          11798      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          33348      1.42%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5296      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8988      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          94740      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2356575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.076807                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.435214                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1976398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        96217                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          245746                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37950                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        19302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1245695                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37950                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1983431                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         62958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        13549                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          239981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        18705                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1243180                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        16802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1637421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5639399                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5639399                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1302180                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         335211                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           33639                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       218711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        36684                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          299                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8327                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1234987                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1147730                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1105                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498217                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2356575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1851620     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166238      7.05%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161048      6.83%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97406      4.13%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51035      2.17%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13305      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15256      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          308      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2356575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2090     58.06%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          848     23.56%     81.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904179     78.78%     78.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9212      0.80%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       197990     17.25%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36266      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1147730                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.450626                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3600                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003137                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4656740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472754                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1116677                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1151330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          916                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46531                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1112                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37950                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         32036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2207                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235152                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           93                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36684                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10298                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7706                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1130865                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194646                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             230903                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         171481                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            36257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.444005                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1117050                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1116677                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          675551                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1490358                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.438434                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.453281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881057                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       995078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240110                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2318625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1946673     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147107      6.34%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93842      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29112      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48670      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9771      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6325      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5534      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31591      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2318625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       881057                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       995078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               207743                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              172171                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           152761                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          870026                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        31591                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3522222                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2508376                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 45155                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                190392                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            881057                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              995078                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       881057                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.890808                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.890808                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.345924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.345924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5245640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1461634                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1311367                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         199453                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179597                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76623                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69386                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10860                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          533                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2098023                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1254783                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            199453                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        80246                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              247275                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         38426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        43797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          122025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12078                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2415068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2167793     89.76%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8537      0.35%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18168      0.75%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7347      0.30%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          40375      1.67%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          36243      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6922      0.29%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14796      0.61%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         114887      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2415068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.078310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.492658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2086300                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        55920                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          246292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          755                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17687                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1470976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2089009                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         37632                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        11119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          244434                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7073                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1469417                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         2818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1734055                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6916139                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6916139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1503655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         230391                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           20200                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       343304                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       172536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1600                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1464629                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1398283                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          895                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131581                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320329                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2415068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1918627     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148235      6.14%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122236      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52725      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67152      2.78%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64497      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36718      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3024      0.13%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1854      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2415068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3546     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27323     86.22%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          820      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       881234     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12249      0.88%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332721     23.79%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       171995     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1398283                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.548999                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31689                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5244218                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1596431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1384633                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1429972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2515                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         34026                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1745                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1464802                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343304                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1177                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6339                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7593                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13932                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1387168                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331442                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             503400                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         181434                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           171958                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.544635                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1384752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1384633                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          749128                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1480231                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.543640                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506089                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1115616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1311023                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153867                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        12242                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2389273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1913449     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       173949      7.28%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81519      3.41%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80408      3.37%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21742      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93459      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7162      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5103      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12482      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2389273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1115616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1311023                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               498008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              327001                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           173113                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1165865                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12718                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3841681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2955600                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 47188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                131899                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1115616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1311023                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1115616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.283014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.283014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.438017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.438017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6849759                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1613784                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1743103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         207625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84175                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21043                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          962                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1984454                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1185836                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            207625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       100003                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              259292                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         63257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        59396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          123756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21746                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2344058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2084766     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          27549      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          31993      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          17544      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          19995      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11434      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7652      0.33%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          20332      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         122793      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2344058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.465588                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1968262                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        76179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          257019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2033                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        40560                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        33716                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1447302                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        40560                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1971743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         15061                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        52148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          255613                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8928                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1445466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2011591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6729852                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6729852                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1685971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         325615                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26167                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       138860                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        74411                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1785                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16304                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1441640                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          377                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1353415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1973                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198923                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           49                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2344058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1775284     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227737      9.72%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123185      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85150      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74598      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38146      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9433      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6062      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4463      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2344058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.79%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1435     46.22%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     43.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1133199     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21168      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125184      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73700      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1353415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531383                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3105                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002294                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5055966                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1640977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328550                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1356520                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3337                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27343                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2286                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        40560                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         11109                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138860                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74411                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          213                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          722                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12085                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12784                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331430                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             190614                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         185474                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            73658                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522751                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1328631                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1328550                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          790704                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2073522                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521620                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381334                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       989847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1214184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227839                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21962                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2303498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1807395     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230152      9.99%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96748      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57309      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40070      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26001      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13744      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10772      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21307      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2303498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       989847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1214184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               183639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111514                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           173736                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1094635                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        21307                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3724214                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2924613                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                202909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            989847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1214184                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       989847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.573092                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.573092                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.388638                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.388638                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6004095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1847268                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1348559                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         229880                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22564                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89491                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81481                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24307                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1991483                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1261607                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            229880                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       105788                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              261905                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         64017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        68510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          125259                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2363137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2101232     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          15759      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20157      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          32118      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12885      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          17067      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          19808      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9443      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         134668      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2363137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090256                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.495337                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1979473                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        81931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          260543                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          162                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41022                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34721                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1540785                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1282                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41022                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1982076                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          6412                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        69283                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          258055                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6283                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1530339                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2139162                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7111796                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7111796                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1754025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         385094                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22986                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       144879                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        73876                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          844                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16748                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1493513                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1420221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203759                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432796                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2363137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1762878     74.60%     74.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272694     11.54%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112034      4.74%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63211      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84399      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27008      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26298      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13518      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1097      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2363137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10054     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1391     10.93%     89.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1282     10.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1196606     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19211      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130704      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73526      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1420221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.557613                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12727                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008961                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5218303                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1697665                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1381259                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1432948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30867                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1456                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41022                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          622                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1493886                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144879                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73876                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          542                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12671                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13063                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25734                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1394212                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       127938                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26008                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             201431                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         196643                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73493                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.547401                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1381294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1381259                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          827514                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2223609                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.542315                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372149                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1020282                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236756                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1789481     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270459     11.65%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97801      4.21%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48672      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44367      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18904      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18728      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8931      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24772      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1020282                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1257126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               186432                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              114012                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           182191                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1131827                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25941                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        24772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3791212                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3028816                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32215                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                183830                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1020282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1257126                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1020282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.496336                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.496336                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.400587                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.400587                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6270256                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1932667                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1423465                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         207731                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21999                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84211                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78995                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          962                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1985454                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1186496                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            207731                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       100053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              259430                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         63280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        59914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          123816                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21751                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2086300     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          27563      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          32008      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          17551      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          20006      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11437      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7656      0.33%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          20345      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         122864      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2345730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.465847                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1969217                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        76740                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          257155                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2036                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        40577                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        33730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1448128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        40577                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1972696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         14687                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        53078                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          255751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1446289                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2012741                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6733705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6733705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1686972                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         325761                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          380                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26209                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       138933                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        74452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16323                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442447                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354218                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199019                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464167                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1776654     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227842      9.71%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123249      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85184      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74655      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38176      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9433      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6068      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.78%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1436     46.22%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1336     43.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1133848     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21191      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125257      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73758      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354218                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531698                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3107                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002294                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5059249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1641884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1357325                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27355                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2286                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        40577                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10698                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1037                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442828                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138933                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          216                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          719                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12089                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12789                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24878                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1332219                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21999                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             190736                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         185567                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            73716                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523061                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1329424                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1329342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          791169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2074735                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521931                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       990430                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1214903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227939                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21970                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2305153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1808793     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230262      9.99%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96790      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57343      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40083      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26020      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13755      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10786      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21321      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2305153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       990430                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1214903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               183744                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              111578                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           173825                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1095297                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24697                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        21321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3726674                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2926272                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                201237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            990430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1214903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       990430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.571577                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.571577                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.388866                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.388866                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6007717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1848343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1349333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         230154                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191776                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22680                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81465                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24307                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1991540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1262835                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            230154                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       105772                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              262035                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         64412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        67558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          125397                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2362649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2100614     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          15754      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20027      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          32125      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12943      0.55%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          17080      0.72%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          19841      0.84%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9419      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         134846      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2362649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.495819                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1979634                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        80862                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          260692                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41298                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        34711                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1542418                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41298                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1982215                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          6431                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        68231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          258231                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6237                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1532083                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2141290                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7119833                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7119833                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1753294                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         387994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22927                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       145151                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        73837                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          847                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        16729                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1494542                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1420818                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2033                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205336                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       435299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2362649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1762389     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272690     11.54%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111788      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63305      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84498      3.58%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26969      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26365      1.12%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13550      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1095      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2362649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10068     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1390     10.91%     89.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1277     10.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1197246     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19199      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130709      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73490      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1420818                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.557847                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12735                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008963                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5219053                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1381491                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1099                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31177                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1441                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41298                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4774                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          612                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1494912                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145151                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73837                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          543                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12681                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13186                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        25867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1394473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       127904                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             201371                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         196541                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            73467                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.547503                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1381526                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1381491                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          827856                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2226172                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.542406                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371874                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1019864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1256619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238298                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        22663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1789017     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270303     11.64%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97710      4.21%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48636      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44375      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18853      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18745      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8943      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24769      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1019864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1256619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               186369                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              113973                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           182115                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1131376                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        25932                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24769                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3791486                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3031140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                184318                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1019864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1256619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1019864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.497359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.497359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.400423                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.400423                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6271690                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1933026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1424618                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         229990                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191638                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22584                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89437                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24210                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1991482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1261431                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            229990                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       106053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              261875                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        67559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          125300                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21564                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2362124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2100249     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          15759      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20033      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          32055      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13081      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17072      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          19904      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9387      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         134584      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2362124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090300                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.495268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1979700                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        80679                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          260590                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        40989                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34682                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1541224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1300                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        40989                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1982183                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        68260                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          258243                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6050                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1531460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2139897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7117474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7117474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1754318                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         385579                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22351                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       145071                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        73890                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          858                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16758                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1493067                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1420236                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203142                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431616                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2362124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1761769     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272933     11.55%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111707      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63416      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84486      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26971      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26154      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13586      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1102      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2362124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10019     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1400     11.02%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1287     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1196577     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19197      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130737      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73551      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1420236                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.557619                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12706                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008946                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5217304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1696596                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1381016                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1432942                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1099                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31043                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1459                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        40989                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4747                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          651                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1493435                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          946                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145071                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73890                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          574                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12683                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12998                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1394039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       127985                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             201510                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         196441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            73525                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.547333                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1381056                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1381016                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          827194                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2225011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.542220                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371771                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1020452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236106                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22564                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1788618     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270238     11.64%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97999      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48468      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44510      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18832      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18692      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8881      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24897      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1020452                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1257335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               186459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              114028                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           182221                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1132015                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25945                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24897                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3789666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3027876                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32252                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                184843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1020452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1257335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1020452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.495920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.495920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.400654                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.400654                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6270177                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1932077                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1423290                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         207674                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21995                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84193                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78975                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21049                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          962                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1984970                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1186194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            207674                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       100024                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              259363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         63267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        60389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          123786                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21748                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2086282     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          27556      1.17%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          31999      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          17546      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          20000      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11436      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7654      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          20337      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         122835      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2345645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081538                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.465728                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1968790                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        77159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          257094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2030                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        40567                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        33723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1447746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        40567                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1972268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         14841                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        53359                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          255688                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8917                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1445899                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2012181                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6731907                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6731907                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1686491                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         325653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           26142                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       138901                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        74440                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1353816                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1973                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198955                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464228                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1776743     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227759      9.71%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123217      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85172      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74631      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38157      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9432      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6066      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4468      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.78%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1437     46.25%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     42.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1133524     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21184      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125217      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73727      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1353816                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531540                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3107                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5058352                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1641445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328951                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1356923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3327                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27348                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2288                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        40567                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138901                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74440                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          215                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          721                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12087                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24873                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331828                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116989                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             190674                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         185515                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            73685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522907                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1329032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1328951                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          790945                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2074161                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521778                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       990153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1214564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227871                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2305077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1808829     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230201      9.99%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96787      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57335      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40077      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26010      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13750      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10778      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21310      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2305077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       990153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1214564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               183702                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              111550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           173776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1094992                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        24690                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        21310                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3726202                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2925469                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32101                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                201322                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            990153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1214564                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       990153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.572296                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.572296                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.388758                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.388758                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6005937                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1847808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1348977                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         199876                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179946                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12190                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75925                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69329                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10853                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          534                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2097030                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1256065                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            199876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        80182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              247453                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         38661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        43453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          121992                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12086                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2414138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.611203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2166685     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           8525      0.35%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18210      0.75%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           7196      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          40472      1.68%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          36253      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6896      0.29%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          14742      0.61%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         115159      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2414138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.078476                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.493161                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2085391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        55504                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          246455                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        26024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17757                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1472620                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        26024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2088152                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         36955                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        11297                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          244507                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         7197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1470813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         2878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           20                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1735880                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6921826                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6921826                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1503591                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         232282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           20658                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       343420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       172552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1599                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465705                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1398959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          895                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132746                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       321923                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2414138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1917551     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147941      6.13%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122577      5.08%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52910      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66987      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64528      2.67%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36824      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2958      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1862      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2414138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3529     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27338     86.28%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          820      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       881802     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12248      0.88%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332790     23.79%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172036     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1398959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.549265                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31687                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022650                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5244638                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1598673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1385307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1430646                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1551                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        26024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         33381                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1758                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465879                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           90                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1215                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6279                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7699                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        13978                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1387853                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331566                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             503567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         181569                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           172001                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.544904                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1385423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1385307                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          749645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1480720                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.543905                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506271                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1115569                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1310966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155021                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        12248                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1912418     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       173846      7.28%     87.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81453      3.41%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80476      3.37%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21649      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93499      3.92%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7194      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5101      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12478      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1115569                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1310966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               497996                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              326996                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           173104                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1165811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        12715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        12478                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3841623                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2958016                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 47176                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                132829                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1115569                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1310966                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1115569                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.283110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.283110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.437999                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.437999                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6852641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1614644                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1744535                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         199986                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180113                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12206                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74098                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69378                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          546                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2099539                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1256913                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            199986                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        80251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              247587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         38580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        43427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          122121                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2416660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2169073     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8536      0.35%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18185      0.75%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7288      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          40381      1.67%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          36240      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6873      0.28%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          14840      0.61%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         115244      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2416660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.078519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.493494                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2087696                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        55675                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          246600                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          754                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        25929                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17708                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1473670                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        25929                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2090479                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         36563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        11839                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          244638                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         7206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1471780                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         2911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1737461                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6926640                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6926640                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1505792                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         231669                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           20657                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       343476                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       172672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8499                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1466566                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1399696                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          884                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       322458                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2416660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1919761     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148186      6.13%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122422      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52967      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67237      2.78%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64414      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36826      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2985      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1862      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2416660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3539     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27307     86.22%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          824      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       882496     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12233      0.87%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332785     23.78%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172098     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1399696                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.549554                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31670                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022626                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5248606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1599155                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1385985                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1431366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2576                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16318                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1568                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        25929                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         32978                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1771                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466741                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343476                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6338                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        14031                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1388455                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331556                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             503614                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         181661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           172058                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.545141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1386096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1385985                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          750064                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1482715                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.544171                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505872                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1116872                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1312584                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154257                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        12261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1914342     80.07%     80.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174116      7.28%     87.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81657      3.42%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80520      3.37%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21791      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93506      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7179      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5134      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12486      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1116872                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1312584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               498262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              327158                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           173350                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1167251                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12744                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        12486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3845086                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2959620                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 47259                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                130307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1116872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1312584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1116872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.280447                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.280447                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.438511                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.438511                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6855161                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1615668                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1745459                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         195499                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       127882                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122746                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11854                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          571                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2038191                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1108086                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            195499                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       134600                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              246197                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         55370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        33831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          124452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16593                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2356478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2110281     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          37042      1.57%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          19146      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          35882      1.52%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11751      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          33326      1.41%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5275      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9031      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          94744      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2356478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.076758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.435061                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1969254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       103467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          245581                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37911                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        19266                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1245324                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37911                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1976938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         68189                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13838                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          239382                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        20219                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1242751                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        18317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1636621                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5637929                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5637929                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1301862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         334739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           35849                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       218797                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        36713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8320                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1234610                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1147455                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1105                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237605                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2356478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1851338     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167096      7.09%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160262      6.80%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97529      4.14%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50992      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13267      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15320      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          367      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          307      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2356478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2083     57.94%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     23.64%     81.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       903831     78.77%     78.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9223      0.80%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198033     17.26%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36285      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1147455                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.450518                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3595                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003133                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4656088                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472389                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1116435                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1151050                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          946                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46700                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1141                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37911                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         34027                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2429                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1234775                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218797                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10238                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17964                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1130678                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             230975                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         171428                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            36276                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.443931                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1116834                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1116435                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          675587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1490320                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.438339                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.453317                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       880788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       994809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16757                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2318567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1946759     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147001      6.34%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93818      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29140      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48636      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9762      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6339      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5532      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31580      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2318567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       880788                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       994809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               207664                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              172092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           152716                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          869802                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        31580                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3521814                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2507606                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 44982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                190489                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            880788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              994809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       880788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.891691                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.891691                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.345818                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.345818                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5244933                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1461259                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1310995                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2546960                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         230201                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191834                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22605                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89381                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24310                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1034                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1992497                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1263210                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            230201                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       105824                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              262156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        67807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125357                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21523                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2363845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2101689     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          15761      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20122      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32148      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12947      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17075      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          19839      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9379      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         134885      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2363845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.495968                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1980507                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        81212                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          260792                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41167                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34697                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1542528                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1286                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41167                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1983117                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        68420                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          258299                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6273                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1532046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2141563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7119505                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7119505                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1754487                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         387076                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22902                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       145002                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        73851                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          849                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16743                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1494764                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1421191                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204629                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434490                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2363845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1763449     74.60%     74.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272623     11.53%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112025      4.74%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63215      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84481      3.57%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27101      1.15%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26304      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13556      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1091      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2363845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10076     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1391     10.91%     89.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1285     10.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1197542     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19199      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130763      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73513      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1421191                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.557995                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12752                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008973                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5220984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1699782                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1382042                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30965                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1413                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41167                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4929                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          625                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1495133                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145002                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73851                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          550                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12688                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13106                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25794                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1395058                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128008                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             201495                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         196688                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            73487                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.547735                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1382082                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1382042                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          827984                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2225173                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.542624                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372099                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1020554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22586                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1789921     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270533     11.65%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97817      4.21%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48742      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44301      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18883      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18735      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8933      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24813      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1020554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1257457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               186475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              114037                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           182238                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1132125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25948                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24813                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3792999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3031467                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32257                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                183115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1020554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1257457                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1020554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.495664                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.495664                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.400695                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.400695                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6274207                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1933951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1425058                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         195401                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173540                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17025                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       127783                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122677                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11882                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          566                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2036798                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1107634                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            195401                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       134559                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              246179                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         55399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        33955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          124398                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2355217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.783090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2109038     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          37023      1.57%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          19192      0.81%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          35894      1.52%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          11755      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          33332      1.42%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           5280      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           8975      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          94728      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2355217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.076719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.434884                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1971698                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        99754                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          245561                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        19266                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1244985                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1978974                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         65455                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        13970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          239693                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        19187                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1242429                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        17330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1636253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5636685                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5636685                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1301334                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         334883                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           34330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       218565                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        36726                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8323                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1234256                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1147028                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237621                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2355217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1850516     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166507      7.07%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160557      6.82%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97375      4.13%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50967      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13320      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15313      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          360      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          302      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2355217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2084     57.99%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          848     23.59%     81.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       903543     78.77%     78.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9227      0.80%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       197878     17.25%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36297      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1147028                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.450351                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3594                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003133                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4653968                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472051                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1115980                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1150622                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          941                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46599                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1154                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         33431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2322                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1234421                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           84                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218565                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36726                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10251                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7700                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        17951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1130225                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16803                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             230815                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         171312                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            36288                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.443753                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1116391                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1115980                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          675262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1490602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.438160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.453013                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       880341                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       994362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240104                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        16760                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2317280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1945501     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147033      6.35%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93817      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29165      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48603      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9784      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6308      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5532      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31537      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2317280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       880341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       994362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               207531                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              171959                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           152639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          869432                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        31537                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3520209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2506920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 45096                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                191750                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            880341                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              994362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       880341                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.893160                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.893160                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.345643                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.345643                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5242714                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1460706                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1310377                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2546967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         198116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79695                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75362                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          922                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1921368                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1172533                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            198116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        95080                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              240481                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         66840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        62928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          120242                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21220                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2269669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2029188     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          12664      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20262      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          30286      1.33%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12641      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          14674      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          15413      0.68%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11134      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         123407      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2269669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1896464                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        88613                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          238686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1401                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44500                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        32115                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1421165                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44500                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1901410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         41540                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        31904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          235281                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        15029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1418005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1174                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1938458                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6610665                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6610665                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1590488                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         347970                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           44032                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       144166                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        79578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412884                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          318                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316496                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2045                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       514109                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2269669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1708977     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227269     10.01%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125666      5.54%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82670      3.64%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75357      3.32%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23320      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16845      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5733      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3832      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2269669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           371     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1393     42.10%     53.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1545     46.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1083219     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24215      1.84%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131069      9.96%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77848      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316496                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.516888                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3309                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002513                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4908015                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1636131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291340                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6129                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5642                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44500                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         30141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1745                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1413211                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144166                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          997                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11394                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13134                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24528                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296540                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123882                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19956                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             201564                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         175777                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            77682                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.509053                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1291453                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1291340                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          764131                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1938754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.507011                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394135                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1162978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251388                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2225169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1753734     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224456     10.09%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93334      4.19%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47719      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35457      1.59%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20470      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12506      0.56%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10461      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27032      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2225169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       953641                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1162978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               186897                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              112961                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           161585                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1051335                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        22676                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        27032                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3612490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2873247                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 34684                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                277298                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            953641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1162978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       953641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.670782                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.670782                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374422                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374422                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5885394                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1763569                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1346860                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2546964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         200336                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180435                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12183                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75091                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69428                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10821                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          535                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2098326                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1259099                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            200336                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        80249                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              247958                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         38703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        43400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          122074                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12053                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2415934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2167976     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8546      0.35%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18290      0.76%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7230      0.30%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          40486      1.68%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          36117      1.49%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6800      0.28%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          15029      0.62%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         115460      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2415934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.078657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.494353                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2086700                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        55467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          246918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        26072                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1475976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        26072                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2089500                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         36398                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        11758                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          244961                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         7239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1474020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         2859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           20                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1740083                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6937011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6937011                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1506801                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         233282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           20713                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       343641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       172688                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1468721                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1400770                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133938                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       327117                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2415934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1918730     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148157      6.13%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122632      5.08%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52932      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67291      2.79%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64444      2.67%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36904      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3007      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1837      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2415934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3588     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27319     86.10%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          823      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883501     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12269      0.88%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332794     23.76%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172122     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1400770                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.549976                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31730                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022652                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5250105                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1602882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1387153                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1432500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2562                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16420                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1550                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        26072                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         32807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1762                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1468896                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172688                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1196                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6321                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        14026                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1389690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11080                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             503693                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         181770                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           172082                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.545626                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1387263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1387153                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          750934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1486017                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.544630                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.505333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1117450                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1313292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155726                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        12240                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2389862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1913301     80.06%     80.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174152      7.29%     87.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81616      3.42%     90.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80701      3.38%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21715      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93514      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7194      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5141      0.22%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12528      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2389862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1117450                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1313292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               498359                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              327221                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           173453                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1167886                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12758                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        12528                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3846352                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2964123                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 47212                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                131030                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1117450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1313292                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1117450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.279264                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.279264                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.438738                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.438738                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6860861                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1616999                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1747638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3647                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32757.810961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           667481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          18.337894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           907.790613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.799097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    70.524301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.888758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   101.027300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.261052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   118.848683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.773580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    73.763242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    11.423605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    61.653952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.773301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    67.428199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    11.777471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    59.653350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    11.786587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    60.365080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.772979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    69.053486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.243345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   116.125768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.289066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   113.830815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.888610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    98.851741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.666850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    59.955424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.887338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    99.746318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.397392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   266.951825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.408081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   116.467884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1440.585437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2130.094831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2287.393621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1732.658073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1124.983477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1794.087219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1149.225528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1093.521507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1733.620239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2234.919923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2276.770209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2120.040993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1158.121096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2143.587684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          3379.390115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2270.735917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.027704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.002152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.008147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.043963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.065005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.069806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.052877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.034332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.054751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.035072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.033372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.052906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.068204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.069482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.064699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.035343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.065417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.103131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.069297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2221                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2221                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          543                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          499                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5814                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  59                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          587                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4077179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20514237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2234826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30178292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     39625981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2088756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25262624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3731720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     18611337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2210272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23857264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4054717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18094181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4152430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18733571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2165777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24534253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2235887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38959101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2159978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37414839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2450090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32129179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3901489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18126546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2312527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31624507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3956846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     79692067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2169570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38340440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       541885483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8840100                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8840100                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4077179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20514237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2234826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30178292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     39625981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2088756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25262624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3731720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     18611337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2210272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23857264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4054717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18094181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4152430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18733571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2165777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24534253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2235887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38959101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2159978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37414839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2450090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32129179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3901489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18126546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2312527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31624507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3956846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     88532167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2169570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38340440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        550725583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4077179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20514237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2234826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30178292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     39625981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2088756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25262624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3731720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     18611337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2210272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23857264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4054717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18094181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4152430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     18733571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2165777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24534253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2235887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38959101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2159978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37414839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2450090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32129179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3901489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18126546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2312527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31624507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3956846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     88532167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2169570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38340440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       550725583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2221                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2221                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.394942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.325911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.309278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.494382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.381983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.951613                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.776316                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.394942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.302799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.315522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.325911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.306905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.519469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.385152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.394942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.302799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.315522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.325911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.306905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.519469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.385152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151006.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148653.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148988.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 148661.536946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151244.202290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149196.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 148603.670588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162248.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151311.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157876.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152931.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155950.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152051.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159708.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151077.185484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154698.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152386.664596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149059.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152183.988281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154284.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150260.397590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163339.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150136.350467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156059.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151054.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154168.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152775.396135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152186.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150931.945076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154969.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150354.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151237.924365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149832.203390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149832.203390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151006.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148653.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148988.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 148661.536946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151244.202290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149196.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 148603.670588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162248.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151311.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157876.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152931.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155950.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152051.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159708.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151077.185484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154698.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152386.664596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149059.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152183.988281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154284.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150260.397590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163339.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150136.350467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156059.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151054.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154168.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152775.396135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152186.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150821.408859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154969.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150354.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151215.151840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151006.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148653.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148988.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 148661.536946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151244.202290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149196.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 148603.670588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162248.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151311.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157876.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152931.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155950.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152051.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159708.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151077.185484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154698.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152386.664596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149059.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152183.988281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154284.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150260.397590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163339.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150136.350467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156059.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151054.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154168.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152775.396135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152186.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150821.408859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154969.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150354.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151215.151840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1295                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1295                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             59                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2506672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     12471482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1363525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     18341186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1411475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24395338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1276006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15365885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2397907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11447409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1396265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14778228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2542577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11170512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2641265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11520385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1355004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15164311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1361326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24064599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1345189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22933467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1579042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19664140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2450750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11139570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1441180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19566514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2444347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     48952789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1353020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     23493503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    333334868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5403081                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5403081                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2506672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     12471482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1363525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     18341186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1411475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24395338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1276006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15365885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2397907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11447409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1396265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14778228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2542577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11170512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2641265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11520385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1355004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15164311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1361326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24064599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1345189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22933467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1579042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19664140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2450750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11139570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1441180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19566514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2444347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     54355870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1353020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     23493503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    338737949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2506672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     12471482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1363525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     18341186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1411475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24395338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1276006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15365885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2397907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11447409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1396265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14778228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2542577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11170512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2641265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11520385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1355004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15164311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1361326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24064599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1345189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22933467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1579042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19664140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2450750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11139570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1441180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19566514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2444347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     54355870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1353020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     23493503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    338737949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.394942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.305128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.325911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.309278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.494382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.381983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.951613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.394942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.302799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.315522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.325911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.306905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.519469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.385152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.394942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.302799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.315522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.325911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.306905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.519469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.338196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.385152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92839.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90373.057971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90901.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90350.669951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94098.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93111.977099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91143.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90387.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104256.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93068.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99733.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94732.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97791.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93869.848739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 101587.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92906.330645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        96786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94188.267081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90755.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94002.339844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96084.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92102.277108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105269.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91888.504673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        98030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92829.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96078.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94524.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94013.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92713.615530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96644.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92131.384314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93032.338264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91577.644068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91577.644068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92839.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90373.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90901.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90350.669951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94098.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93111.977099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91143.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90387.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104256.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93068.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99733.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94732.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97791.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93869.848739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 101587.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92906.330645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        96786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94188.267081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90755.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94002.339844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96084.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92102.277108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105269.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91888.504673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        98030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92829.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96078.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94524.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94013.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92599.437819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96644.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92131.384314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93008.772378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92839.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90373.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90901.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90350.669951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94098.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93111.977099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91143.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90387.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104256.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93068.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99733.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94732.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97791.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93869.848739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 101587.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92906.330645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        96786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94188.267081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90755.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94002.339844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96084.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92102.277108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105269.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91888.504673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst        98030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92829.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96078.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94524.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94013.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92599.437819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96644.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92131.384314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93008.772378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.057975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488358.775794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.057975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5372783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5372783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5372783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5372783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5372783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5372783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153508.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153508.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153508.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153508.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153508.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153508.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4477336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4477336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4477336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4477336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4477336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4477336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154390.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154390.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154390.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154390.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154390.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154390.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             171961.453718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.797186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.202814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.561708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.438292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    149341996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149341996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1162662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1162662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150504658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150504658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150504658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150504658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118713.828299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118713.828299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83047.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83047.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118321.272013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118321.272013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118321.272013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118321.272013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     39558954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39558954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     39751254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39751254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     39751254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39751254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98897.385000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98897.385000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98638.347395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98638.347395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98638.347395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98638.347395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              539.887922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              647141603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1196195.199630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.887922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         124531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        124531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2692697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2692697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2692697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2692697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2692697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2692697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       124548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       124548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158393.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158393.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158393.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158393.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158393.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158393.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2381075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2381075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2381075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2381075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2381075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2381075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158738.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158738.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158738.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158738.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158738.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158738.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151389366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             196609.566234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   132.082231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   123.917769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.515946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.484054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       177171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       212578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         212578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       212578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        212578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    204616608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    204616608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    204616608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    204616608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    204616608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    204616608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       179025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       214432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       214432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110364.944984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110364.944984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110364.944984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110364.944984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110364.944984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110364.944984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53652735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53652735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53652735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53652735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53652735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53652735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104382.752918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104382.752918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104382.752918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104382.752918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104382.752918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104382.752918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              557.260179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              769306724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1378685.885305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.260179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         122007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        122007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2897383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2897383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2897383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2897383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2897383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2897383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       122025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       122025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160965.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160965.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160965.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160965.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160965.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160965.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2473608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2473608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2473608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2473608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2473608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2473608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164907.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164907.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164907.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164907.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164907.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164907.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  759                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              289563257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             285283.997044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.107418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.892582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.394951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.605049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       312964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        312964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       170840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       483804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         483804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       483804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        483804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    297380583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297380583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    297380583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    297380583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    297380583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    297380583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       315629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       170840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       486469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       486469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111587.460788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111587.460788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111587.460788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111587.460788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111587.460788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111587.460788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     78328971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78328971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     78328971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78328971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     78328971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78328971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103200.225296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103200.225296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103200.225296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103200.225296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103200.225296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103200.225296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.772739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750707467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1513523.118952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.772739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       123737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       123737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         123737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       123737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        123737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2790875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2790875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2790875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2790875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2790875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2790875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       123756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       123756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       123756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       123756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       123756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146888.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146888.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146888.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146888.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146888.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146888.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2298073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2298073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2298073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2298073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2298073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2298073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164148.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164148.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164148.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164148.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164148.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164148.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              118289863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             157719.817333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   160.670697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    95.329303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.627620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.372380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        85766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       157469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         157469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       157469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        157469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    204438860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    204438860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6628268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6628268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    211067128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211067128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    211067128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211067128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        87458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120826.749409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120826.749409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97474.529412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97474.529412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119924.504545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119924.504545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119924.504545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119924.504545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     49342021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49342021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     49342021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49342021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     49342021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49342021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99882.633603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99882.633603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99882.633603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99882.633603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99882.633603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99882.633603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              466.663712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              753574568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1569947.016667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    11.663712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.018692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.747859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         125227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        125227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6847823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6847823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6847823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6847823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6847823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6847823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       125259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       125259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 213994.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 213994.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 213994.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213994.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 213994.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213994.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5404346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5404346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5404346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5404346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5404346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5404346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 216173.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216173.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 216173.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216173.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 216173.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216173.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              109420281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             169119.445131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   141.390422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   114.609578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.552306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.447694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        98130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        72053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       170183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         170183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       170183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        170183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    109627317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109627317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       557611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       557611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110184928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110184928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110184928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110184928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        99124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       171184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       171184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110289.051308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110289.051308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 79658.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79658.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110074.853147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110074.853147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110074.853147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110074.853147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     39635160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39635160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       172278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       172278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     39807438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39807438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     39807438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39807438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101889.871465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101889.871465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        86139                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86139                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101809.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101809.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101809.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101809.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.772388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750707527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1513523.239919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.772388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       123797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       123797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         123797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       123797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        123797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3185549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3185549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3185549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3185549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3185549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3185549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       123816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       123816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       123816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       123816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       123816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167660.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167660.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167660.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167660.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167660.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167660.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2501371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2501371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2501371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2501371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2501371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2501371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178669.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178669.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178669.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178669.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178669.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178669.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              118289951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             157930.508678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   160.710611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    95.289389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.627776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.372224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        85813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       157557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         157557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       157557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        157557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203622987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203622987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7451017                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7451017                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    211074004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211074004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    211074004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211074004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        87503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       159315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       159315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120486.974556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120486.974556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109573.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109573.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120064.848692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120064.848692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120064.848692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120064.848692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     48786514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48786514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     48786514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48786514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     48786514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48786514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98958.446247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98958.446247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98958.446247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98958.446247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98958.446247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98958.446247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              467.016796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753574701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1560196.068323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.016796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         125360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        125360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7333061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7333061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7333061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7333061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7333061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7333061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       125397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       125397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 198190.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198190.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 198190.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198190.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 198190.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198190.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5797068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5797068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5797068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5797068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5797068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5797068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 207038.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207038.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 207038.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207038.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 207038.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207038.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              109420204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             168598.157165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   141.403701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   114.596299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.552358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.447642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        98086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        72025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       170111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         170111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       170111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        170111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    109393765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109393765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1231880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1231880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110625645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110625645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110625645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110625645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        99085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       171122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       171122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109503.268268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109503.268268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102656.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102656.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109422.002967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109422.002967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109422.002967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109422.002967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     39392035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39392035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       313794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       313794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     39705829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39705829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     39705829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39705829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101005.217949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101005.217949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       104598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101032.643766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101032.643766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101032.643766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101032.643766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              467.026584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753574605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1560195.869565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.026584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         125264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        125264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7292271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7292271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7292271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7292271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7292271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7292271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       125300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       125300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 202563.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202563.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 202563.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202563.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 202563.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202563.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5933894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5933894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5933894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5933894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5933894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5933894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 211924.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211924.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 211924.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211924.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 211924.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211924.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              109420298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             168598.302003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   141.349195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   114.650805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.552145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.447855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        98148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        72060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       170208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         170208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       170208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        170208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    109335446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109335446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1118365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1118365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    110453811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110453811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    110453811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110453811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        99143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       171215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       171215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109884.870352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109884.870352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93197.083333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93197.083333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109686.008937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109686.008937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109686.008937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109686.008937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     39847238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39847238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       224714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       224714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40071952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40071952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40071952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40071952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102172.405128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102172.405128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 74904.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74904.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101964.254453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101964.254453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101964.254453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101964.254453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.772133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750707497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1513523.179435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.772133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         123767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        123767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2949724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2949724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2949724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2949724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2949724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2949724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       123786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       123786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       123786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       123786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       123786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155248.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155248.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155248.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155248.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155248.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155248.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2374119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2374119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2374119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2374119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2374119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2374119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169579.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169579.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169579.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169579.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 169579.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169579.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              118289930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             157719.906667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   160.701893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    95.298107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.627742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.372258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        85806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        71730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       157536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         157536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       157536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        157536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    203572524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203572524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7114196                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7114196                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    210686720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210686720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    210686720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210686720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        87498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       159296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       159296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120314.730496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120314.730496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104620.529412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104620.529412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119708.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119708.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119708.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119708.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     49386185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49386185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     49386185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49386185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     49386185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49386185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99972.034413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99972.034413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99972.034413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99972.034413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99972.034413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99972.034413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              557.242483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              769306691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1378685.826165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.242483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.022824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         121974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        121974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2821731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2821731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2821731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2821731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2821731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2821731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       121992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       121992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156762.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156762.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2416638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2416638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2416638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2416638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2416638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2416638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161109.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161109.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161109.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161109.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161109.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161109.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              289563345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             286980.520317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   101.090729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   154.909271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.394886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.605114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       313059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       483892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         483892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       483892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        483892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    295361776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295361776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    295361776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    295361776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    295361776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    295361776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       315731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       170833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       486564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       486564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110539.586826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110539.586826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110539.586826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110539.586826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110539.586826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110539.586826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     77183678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77183678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     77183678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77183678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     77183678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77183678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102501.564409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102501.564409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102501.564409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102501.564409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102501.564409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102501.564409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.288279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              769306822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1381161.260323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.288279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         122105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        122105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2704891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2704891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2704891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2704891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2704891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2704891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       122121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       122121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169055.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169055.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169055.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169055.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169055.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169055.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2317921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2317921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2317921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2317921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2317921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2317921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165565.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165565.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165565.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165565.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165565.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165565.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              289563346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             286696.382178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   100.861907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   155.138093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.393992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.606008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       312957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        312957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       170936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       483893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         483893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       483893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        483893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    293102652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293102652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    293102652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    293102652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    293102652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    293102652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       315638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       170936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       486574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       486574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109325.867960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109325.867960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109325.867960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109325.867960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109325.867960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109325.867960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     76303053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76303053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     76303053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76303053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     76303053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76303053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101197.683024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101197.683024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101197.683024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101197.683024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101197.683024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101197.683024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              539.887789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              647141507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1196195.022181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.887789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         124435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        124435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2945482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2945482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2945482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2945482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2945482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2945482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       124452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       124452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173263.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173263.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173263.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173263.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173263.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173263.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2595884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2595884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2595884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2595884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2595884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2595884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173058.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173058.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173058.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173058.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173058.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173058.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151389346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             196100.189119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   132.111210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   123.888790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.516059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.483941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       177151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       212558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         212558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       212558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        212558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    209412212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209412212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    209412212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    209412212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    209412212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    209412212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       179023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       214430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       214430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111865.497863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111865.497863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111865.497863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111865.497863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111865.497863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111865.497863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     54993954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54993954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     54993954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54993954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     54993954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54993954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106577.430233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106577.430233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106577.430233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106577.430233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106577.430233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106577.430233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              466.907847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753574666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1563432.917012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.907847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6623023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6623023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6623023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6623023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6623023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6623023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 206969.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 206969.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 206969.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206969.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 206969.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206969.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5554390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5554390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5554390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5554390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5554390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5554390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 205718.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205718.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 205718.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205718.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 205718.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205718.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109420336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             169119.530139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   141.408362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   114.591638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.552376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.447624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        98173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         170244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        170244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    108230323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108230323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       835125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       835125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    109065448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    109065448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    109065448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    109065448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        99174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       171253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       171253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108122.200799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108122.200799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104390.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104390.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108092.614470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108092.614470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108092.614470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108092.614470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38774813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38774813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       253023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       253023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     39027836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39027836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     39027836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39027836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99935.085052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99935.085052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        84341                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        84341                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99815.437340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99815.437340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99815.437340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99815.437340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              539.886515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              647141453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1196194.922366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.886515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       124381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       124381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         124381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       124381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        124381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2838404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2838404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2838404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2838404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2838404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2838404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       124398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       124398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       124398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       124398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       124398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166964.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166964.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166964.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166964.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166964.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166964.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2442680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2442680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2442680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2442680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2442680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2442680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162845.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162845.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162845.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162845.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162845.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162845.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              151389172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             196354.308690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   132.041105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   123.958895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.515786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.484214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       176977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        176977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       212384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         212384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       212384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        212384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210430562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210430562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210430562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210430562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210430562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210430562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       178840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       178840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       214247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       214247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112952.529254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112952.529254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112952.529254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112952.529254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112952.529254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112952.529254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              64                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     55152911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55152911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     55152911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55152911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     55152911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55152911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107093.031068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107093.031068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107093.031068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107093.031068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107093.031068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107093.031068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              508.850349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              753891347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1458203.765957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.850349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.030209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         120210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        120210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4954412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4954412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4954412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4954412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4954412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4954412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       120242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       120242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154825.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154825.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154825.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154825.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154825.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154825.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4256786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4256786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4256786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4256786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4256786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4256786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157658.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157658.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157658.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157658.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157658.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157658.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125626081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             90639.308081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.255504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    65.744496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.743186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.256814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        91139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         91139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        73065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       164204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         164204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       164204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        164204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          471                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          471                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    323741249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    323741249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     80930897                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80930897                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    404672146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    404672146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    404672146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    404672146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        93647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129083.432616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129083.432616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 171827.806794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171827.806794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 135841.606579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 135841.606579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 135841.606579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 135841.606579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1849                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1849                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    122328389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122328389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9625795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9625795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    131954184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131954184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    131954184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131954184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000843                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000843                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114539.690075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114539.690075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 155254.758065                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155254.758065                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116773.614159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116773.614159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116773.614159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116773.614159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              556.407268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              769306774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1381161.174147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.407268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         122057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        122057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2843050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2843050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2843050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2843050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2843050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2843050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       122074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       122074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167238.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167238.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167238.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167238.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167238.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167238.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2333170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2333170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2333170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2333170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2333170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2333170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       166655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       166655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       166655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              289563417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             286696.452475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   100.886456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   155.113544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.394088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.605912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       312994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        312994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       170970                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170970                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       483964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         483964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       483964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        483964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    295499823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295499823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    295499823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    295499823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    295499823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    295499823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       315689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       170970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       486659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       486659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109647.429685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109647.429685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109647.429685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109647.429685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109647.429685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109647.429685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     76634673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76634673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     76634673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76634673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     76634673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76634673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101637.497347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101637.497347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101637.497347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101637.497347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101637.497347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101637.497347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
